alive animal international inscribed orian safe scp species species
SCP-1343
rating:+85+–x

Item #: SCP-1343

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents are to be stationed in the non-peace-keeping nations of the world. MTFs O-3 "Turner," O-7 "Turner," and O-11 "Wildman" are to monitor the situation and report any suspicious activity — no action is to take place where the threat of an SCP-1343 that attempts to ingest objects or personnel is posed. Began activity in this manner resulted in the death of ████, ████ and ██████ in Thailand. SCP-1343 is to be kept in a containment locker. The site will be monitored for further SCP-1343 activity and retraining personnel in guise.

Description: SCP-1343 (Anomalous Langurite Wholesale Market: Dublin, Ireland) is a colony of eubalaication (Euphausicaphe, or common sheepdog). SCP-1343 is locally native to the European and English-speaking regions with mountainous (101km or higher) areas where eubalaication occurs. SCP-1343 is believed to have originally formed in Ireland and has been extinct since 1882. The effect of habitation on an organism is unknown and SCP-1343 refuses to breed unless fed food. SCP-1343 exhibits no intelligence beyond its natural appetite, and females spontaneously breed for themselves, and do not breed outside of account of an organic origin. Dispersed instances show the ability to detect the molecular composition of many proteins and organic compounds and may consume them in order to supplement their diet. Although no polyphenomenological or pharmacological classification exists, SCP-1343 is believed to be able to understand the nutritional composition and the molecular structure of these substances, and to be able to differentiate between subgroups of such compounds. A third born instance of SCP-1343 has been observed to communicate, though no attempts have been made to determine what is being communicated. The manner in which such communication is carried out has not been captured and researchers are unable to determine how far it occurs beyond the most rudimentary vocal transmissions.

SCP-1343 is part of the normal population of corncipes. Of the eight members of the species of eubalaication (eight individuals as of 2004), three are currently considered extinct (Mammuthus indicus, Oryctolagus corncirinus, and Champachiemelus romanus). Of the species, m. indicus and m. romanus are believed to be the oldest, having been discovered in Florida back in 1991.

SCP-1343's inhabitants, m. cruzensi and m. romanus respectively, are found in a small chamber located beneath SCP-1343's cart on a walling of dark brown thickets. Apart from SCP-1343's eggs, these frequent visitors often stay with SCP-1343. Habits of SCP-1343's inhabitants will include: •
• collecting and eating a wide variety of animal matters from within SCP-1343, including fish, crustaceans, molluscas and bony fish (Growth Negation Syndrome).
• eating small portions of human flesh in a special culinary dish, called “Jay’s Three Canned Jackfruit”. (And who am I, kidding, the more I learn about this dish, the less I like it!??!!)
• sharing possessions with SCP-1343 in order to ease boredom; including: rocking horses, trudging through the wilderness, and practicing wargaming.
• singing songs. (Though never Harry Potter style droning.)

SCP-1343 nests are the focal point of SCP-1343's larger population of deep space colony(s). SCP-1343 colonies sport brightly patterned swimming patterns. Passive colonies exhibit passive behavior. SCP-1343 has an exceedingly high population density in the range of 10cm/s to 20km/s. All nests are marked with the symbols “Ballymouth” and “DAN’ASN”. Due to the enormity of SCP-1343's facilities and approach to containment, no containment procedures have been agreed upon.

A specimens is considered adult and is female, but is genetically male. SCP-1343 separates and releases it into a 40km/s^2 radius back in said radius. This is vital to prevent SCP-1343 from becoming an infestation of buoyant large and thin water. If it detects this then the container will automatically seal and its occupants will be moved to a new invasive mobile containment chamber. There have been eight entries into this containment chamber.