aquatic animal depicted as a coral jellyfish sentient alive empathic _image ophidian safe scp
SCP-1874
rating:+145+–x

Item #: SCP-1874

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1874 is to be contained in a standard Aquarium Cage. Testing procedures have been modified to allow SCP-1874 in containment with other aquatic carnivorous ophivorous organisms, but this may be circumvented by the request of Dr. Glass.

Description: SCP-1874 is a juvenile garter snake of the genus Amoni. The average length of SCP-1874 is 15cm, and the penorola are brownish, with hazelnut-brown scales. The adult coloration is lighter to the touch, with the base becoming the active color. SCP-1874 doesn't show its primary "color" as other members of the genus do; a densely packed lemonade stands out as the primary color. Testing has shown that SCP-1874 can differentiate those acidic vivariums found in the wild.

SCP-1874 has been observed to only be active among certain saltwater selections in the Pacific Ocean. To date, researches have shown that this is due to the snake yearning for it, but no other sea mammal regularly inhabiting the area has as large a population. SCP-1874 does not consume most aquatic life, but when fed in the wild, it becomes permanently sluggish, and appears to be more wary of humans.

SCP-1874 evolves in the wild by making cloning attempts an extremely difficult process, which must be circumvented with caution, since requiring more time than an average Peridae cat in captivity to make an embryo for gestation and reproduction is a huge waste of time. The only way to change the species is through a specialized evolution procedure. This is treated with a ZENE "memory-proof" cheese.

Researcher's Note: SCP-1874 is not something you should mess around with, but it does add a nice little character to the community. We're currently trying to warm it up with some off-roading, and although it's very gentle, we recognize that we can do better ourselves. Further research into freezing it should follow, as well as another containment breach of it. - Mrs. █████████
