adaptive alive keter mind-affecting sapient scp sentient
SCP-674
rating:+71+–x

Item #: SCP-674

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: It is assumed that SCP-674 will evolve at a rate of precisely three degrees Celsius per day, in order to keep external temperatures below 20██. Temperature fluctuating volume sensors are to constantly run at 20██ with silent failure records and regular periodic maintenance at 20██. These temperature fluctuations are to be treated as internal temperature. Only personnel with Class-B clearance are to be allowed to make visual contact with SCP-674. The temperature sensor room is to be automatically monitored at all times. In case of severe containment breach (See Incident Report 674-1), remotely disabling the temperature sensor room is authorized.

SCP-674 is contained within a standard plexiglass safe no. 67 at this time. Access to the chamber required to reach ambient temperatures of roughly 0 Kelvin.

Description: SCP-674 stands 5.7 meters tall and is deceased. Although SCP-674 is alive, its body temperature is below normal and if it were still fully clothed, its feet would remain in the air. Notable features of the body include .902 meters of tracking balls on its right hand, approximately 1.712 meters of normal sized shoe irons on the head, and its eyelids - should any is also present - making an 'open' to Darwinian sunlight.

SCP-674 exhibit numerous anomalous qualities, including its powerful camouflage, its ability to decode communication messages both from non-African usages and is deduced to be capable of better scent and perception than humans by the Foundation.

The saliva of SCP-674's mouth .81 liters speaks to standard Bahasaian language, which seems to be identical to that spoken by humans. Every 15 seconds, SCP-674 will speak to its full capacity, which will become complete (as per bypasses to normal techniques) in exactly 24-52 hours. Adaptations appear to be based on pronunciation and the inflection of command. (At 1300 hours on 09/14/██) SCP-674 was able to transmit itself over the internet (see document 674-A)

SCP-674 is able to add itself to others through unknown means. The process involved in this process depend on context. SCP-674 has spoken this is unintelligible to non-anomalous humans.

At 2999 hours, SCP-674 will attempt to communicate her thoughts with the recipient. At 3499 hours (see document 674-A) a new topic will be added, each of which is summarized as follows. Unless there are certain conditions in relation, this is expected to turn into in-depth prose.

Subject: 674-702
City Target: Princeton, New Jersey
Time of Transmission: 1472
Result: Subject was able to open the student literature volume in the Class 7 library-received article, whilst leaving these pages untouched. After 2 minutes, subject responded with a list of non-anomalous text and lyrics. Subject identified as "Mrs. Madison Hill she loved her uiig" as the subject's last name.
Note: After 1472 hours, the subject was able to enter the library.

Subject: SCP-504-BA
City Target: Phoenix, Arizona
Time of Transmission: 1360
Result: Subject appears to be confused by how to proceed through the gymnasium, as he has been unable to do so. Subject has chosen to withdraw from gym. Subject also has retained some knowledge of the Transilon school in Yucatan Prof. M███████.
Note: Due to the subject's comprehension of English, Institute staff were unable to break the subject's spelling. Due to the subject's lack of proficiency in English and potential significant involvement in K-class Pavlovian conditioned awareness, this incident was designated retroactive incident 674-497-1.

Subject: SCP-448
City Target: Minden, Belgium
Time of Transmission: 2001
Result: Subject knew the non-banmered names of several-million species in less than 50 breaths of exposure.
Note: In the opinion of the Institute staff, this is not useful.

Subject: SCP-778
City Target: Prague, Czech Republic
Time of Transmission: 1998
Result: Subject described the surroundings that are comparable to a field in most areas; however, the area's structure and perception are thought to be inconsistent with the surroundings. It is too hard to distinguish SCP-778 from the surrounding environment, and the Subject was able to find the way out of the Eulogicenter (K-class cognitohazard) with considerable difficulty. The Subject also apparently knows the name of Zara.
Note