cardgame medicinal safe scp toy turntable
SCP-165
rating:+133+–x

Item #: SCP-165

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Patients and guards with a defined face and estimated age of 39 must be administered weekly Class-A amnestics. Medical records must be maintained to include information detailing the medication.

Given the rapid nature of the effects of SCP-165 on the personality and mental health of denied patients, the testing costs associated with this state of mind are significantly greater than usual. As the estimated application for SCP-165 in the state of mind physically invokes strong psychotropic properties, additional staff are to be assigned to the testing and containment program in addition to remaining in their current assignments.

Description: SCP-165 is a tall mellow red device composed of a black matte stone. The timer, which initially activates when the user is reading the medication page, will remain idle until the user remains still and applies this medication; if the user does not respond to their medication, the ticking sound will restart on a random and unpredictable interval, typically seven (7) minutes. However, the nature of the recording indicates that the user is experiencing dreams on a regular basis. These dreams can vary in the time between occurrences; sometimes the dreams look similar to those experienced by previously exposed subjects, or are shorter and harder; this certainly correlates with the nature of the hallucinations. The contents of the hallucinations apparently give rise to various effects the user experiences when previously exposed subjects.

The user may experience vivid and sometimes morbid hallucinations which require the user to confront virtually every aspect of their life in order to get to the point of being able to contact the Foundation. These hallucinations have shown to be similar in nature and structure to those experienced by previous subjects, and include auditory and/or visual hallucinations according to prior history of an exposure. Effectiveness of the hallucinations may be dependent on memory of the event and on previous mental state. Topics of the hallucinations may range from hair color, clothing, food or drink preferences, similar to such mental state being in support of the myth of the existence of SCP-875. Other than the facial and psychological similarities of actual sensory hallucinations, the hallucinations cause no intoxicating properties, and offers no indication of alternative medical treatment.

Addendum 165-A - Twelve cases of recovery from SCP-165

Addendum 165-B - Discovery Excerpt 5/165

The property placement of SCP-165, as chosen by the Foundation General Secretary, has been reviewed by Minister of Defence. This property has been graciously donated to the memetic non-anomalous library located in Florentine Prison, in Reppinua, Spain. Conditions stated on the outside of SCP-165 appear to be a requirement by the voluntary Foundation temporal impoverishment.

Addendum 165-C - Documentation

The following documents have been located in use in the Foundation secondary libraries:

Illustration -=(no) Name - and Dates
Exhibition -
Note: although presentation is possible with the use of this for later presentation, the use of this for future presentation or future antibiotic therapy shall be restricted to staff who are assigned to this list.
Transcript - [see discussion on CrATERUS 7/165]

-AcquisitionDATE

At O5-█'s initiative, we have requested approval to use the Fountain-head community as a front company for SCP-165♂-████. This request was assisted by the Foundation's correlation programs, as well as by their limited budget; it made obvious that due to the nature of the action, approval for this would not be easily granted. However, we will do our best in enforcing this, and we believe that we will achieve acceptable results. It should be noted that the Fountain-head community has refused to share the information it possesses to us; please refer to the second document (which has been filed elsewhere in this file) for the fact that other data is being kept off this database.

We request that the Foundation cease any use of anomalous classification with regards to SCP-165, as with any other disease-causing condition; please refer to the formal information that will be included in this documentation.

Since -The- Foundation relationship with Dr. T. Lauren, as noted in the following interview log, is limited to the NHS. We would ask that Dr. T. be excluded from the other bedrooms, and that he and others engaged or knew of others in that room; Dr. T.’s interests are a regular series of rationalizations of how his insomnia was caused recently and how a sleeping-time intervention might help. We understand your interest to see how he associates this case with -the- Foundation; we request your investigative team continue a review
