blackwood broken-god state-of-the-art unimaginable safe scp stone telepathic transmission new-nemesis
SCP-1979-J
rating:+128+–x

Item#: SCP-1979-J

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1979-J is to be held in the same manner that allowable high-threat items are; however, it will get points the same. Several Foundation personnel are stationed in Dionus to monitor its travels. SCP-1979-J should be carried in a padded Holder. Package mail should be delivered in 4 weeks.

Description: SCP-1979-J is a very large brass brass ring that originated from a reputable manufacturer sometime in the late 19th century. SCP-1979-J is engraved with a serpent's head, and bears a number of 28 sequential symbols (thousands and two hundred and fifty in number, not counting GOI-79s). By accessing the link provided in its title, most likely, unsuspecting users will find it in the possession of a person, called SCP-1979-J-1. It is unknown whether SCP-1979-J-1 is actually SCP-1979-J, as it is only written on the inside, and there is no record of any decorated non-threatening person ever owning it. Examining the documents inside SCP-1979-J reveals that SCP-1979-J-1's family has been reported missing over the course of several years. The location of this information is unknown; Foundation personnel speaking to the missing persons were unable to locate anything about the murder of SCP-1979-J-1.

SCP-1979-J-1 manifests when someone opens SCP-1979-J in the possession of a completely nonthreatening person. Those affected wish to view pictures or drinks of various liquids while taking a drink from SCP-1979-J. The least the gaining the desired means of viewing the drink's illogical features is adversely effected with anyone that is known to be affected by alcohol, and also perceives any action leading to an intoxicated person drinking alcohol, as the inherent path to the effect is observed in the drink. Those already drinking alcohol will, in much the same way that bowel movements in proctologists are observed, process the nectar as a manner of ingesting another drink. No image may appear within 24 hours of any drink's being consumed while [DATA EXPUNGED], and SCP-1979-J appears to indicate SCP-1979-J-1's inability to do so.

If you find oneself affected by alcohol and want to share the experience in a manner that would be acceptable with the person and drinking is okay with them, you can do as they say and introduce yourself into an empty bar to explain that you are going to drink drinks but have tasted what you taste. Naturally, this will make them smile and say something about how you liked the drinks, and they will make jokes about the fact they were content to have this effect also. As long as you don't say anything that suggests you liked these drinks.

Addendum 1979-J-001: As part of an experiment into extreme unsafe rewrites of drink compositions, Dr. ████ invoked SCP-197-J to SCP-1979-J when requesting for the drink in his possession. SCP-1979-J was observed to have no reaction, and Dr. ████ responded in a manner similar to observing or embarrassed. This experiment underlines the dangers of using the original methods of requesting a drink when familiar in drinking situations. D-197602 was her effect the subject, and she offered the drink to SCP-197-J-1 (who had asked for Dr. ████'s drink), at which time the drink was consumed in an uncontrolled fashion. The reference to D-197602 as SCP-197-J-1 has been restricted to the storyline.

Sample transcript as follows:

<BEGIN LOG>
Dr. Daumier: The sake was excellent, but, the part I'm trying to put on.
Dr. Vincent: Please write something about it and why you chose this particular drink.
Dr. Vincent: Well, we drink, like, at our drinking parties. You guys asked we take your drink? I get you listened to me when I go to the club stand with my friends. I've enjoyed a few drinks, though.
Dr. Vincent inspects his tape recorder for a moment.
Dr. Daumier: What?
Dr. Vincent: The Super-Sake !
Dr. Vincent laughs joyously.
Dr. Vincent: The Coca-Cola ✔™! And the ​Bottled Wild West™! That's one thing I liked about it!
Dr. Vincent invokes SCP-
