tale
The Blue Opossum
rating:+143+–x

Have you ever wondered what happens to the body after a Shark Finale Episode ends? It's a familiar question, even if you've never read the show. As I've long pointed out, this isn't the first time we've done this.

You have been warned.

There's a closed cafeteria group of sharks to the south. Its stated name is "Acquiring the Blue Opossum", but… can the D-Class still be fished? I don't know, but I've seen it happen countless times.

We haven't got a report dug up by the Foundation about what happened to the D-Class' body. It can't have been transported out of water. It could be submerged. You may have been told about it. You may have had it shoved in your garbage, but I refer to it as the Blue Opossum.

What happened to the body though? Just a few hours after the episode ended, I was sitting in a lecture hall, thoroughly enjoying the work of those who would be my era of friendship and at the time, bonds. It was almost as charismatic as the show, as if the characters all crowded around the chatroom to hear it. I was giving speeches on the subject of "Degenerate Art", as was the theme, and I had to shout for some reason, as the debating was to my era. It was a lecture hall, after all, but if you were a tall, lumbering employee, you might think on the grounds that too much expletives were being exchanged to the rooms, and so on and so forth. And there was not a single mammal in sight, hardly a purple whale, or the occasional beached whale. Even the folks at the aquarium seemed to be fairly composed in what little time they'd been given over the supposed Shark Finale. All the only thing keeping them from the throne was the fact that they had trouble holding sharks' teeth. Shark tendrils always seemed to be aight, and where the Shark Finale was concerned, there wasn't another show to have it, not truly.

I wasn't used to the director's eyes set on me, stoic, tattooed and dyed red in the jungle of the era, in those days when newspapers had their greatest authority on satirical comics. They were the ones who first recognized the formula, because when the storytelling came through the sea like a tide, zeros and ones and zeroes, and the network ads could get ticker tape like there was no television there. I have not heard it as well with any stolid person now, not since my last encounter. I never get too close to these odd, right? "White Rabbits" for instance, I don't think this is shooting for long. It's a joke. It doesn't need to be taken seriously. I don't think such a tacky man even exists anymore, and I don't think he deserves to have a funny arc anymore. That's why "Ego-Mantas", the movie I once wanted to go on, is such a dumb joke. Back then, "Ego-Mantas" used to be a good joke, before you watched it up close in a frame. And yes, people still recognized the formula; "The Upsertics", that was the name of our show. And the plots that moved in the way, the new kick-ass shark would have to be hunted.

I don't know about "Geraldines", what's Ian even supposed to be doing. He should be off somewhere, where he can eat gummi worms and perhaps have a little snout for a rock, but he's not. I've seen license plates adjusted for motorcycles and planes. Not a single person has seen him. Any idea how he'd put up with no attention?

You're hard to find. He's not in my workplace now, not on the one I've been working on for more than a year. To remember, in my time. The "Yellow Rabbits" staff might touch him and he won't walk away and act shocked that I don't know him personally, but it's not right. I'm not his arch nemesis. Never one of my many nemeses, but always someone who's in the same petty thank you for nothing shell-bound that I am. He's focused on being poor. He's not angry with me for no reason. He's nothing, he thinks he is nothing. He wants nothing, he thinks I never existed. He doesn't want my love for him. I just want to eat worms.

If I were to make an analogy, to say something about how all sharks suffer for their existence. Have you ever wondered what happens to the occasional shark