author _cc page author _image
Dr. Fyletton's Personnel File
rating:+102+–x

Prisoner's Note: Luckily I was already incarcerated for the murder of the elderly man who'd been feeding me crack since before I was old enough to own a criminal record.

There, there, that's how it goes. I'm not telling you that I've deleted anything, or those jokes have been scrubbed out, only that I've taken the liberty of putting them here as a warning. But hey, your actions are just one incident away from your death row sentence.

For the record, no, Dr. Fyletton is not, nor has he ever been, a rapist, murder suspect, or anything of the sort.

Who knows, maybe if he hadn't been caught on tape two days after what happened in that incident he never would have been unconscious at all. Maybe it was naivety, and he'd never been convicted of anything, and he was just an inmate. Spirits, however, can't lie. That's the thing about recording equipment. When you record something, you're basically there for a purpose. You have a finite amount of space, and new things can start showing up at any given time.

If you cover up a crime, it's perfectly fine, and you can delete or replace whatever was recorded. Don't do it with too much detail, however. It's just too much information. Just too much crosses into too much. That's fine. Just don't do it. I'm just saying, in a climate like this, people do what they have to do, because the person you're recording the interview with isn't going to tell you what's going to happen if you don't.

+Thexdlmaosconnectionproject
-Thexdlmaosconnectionproject

Project Information: The "Excerpt" Playlist was first conceived and conceptualized by GoI-1043 "Hello there" (aka Picture) and follows their model of "Not enough time" as set forth in their series of essays, The Black Heart (SCP-3340 and The Devil's Head) in which they recount their feelings regarding SCP-3340 (and over time, the events leading up to SCP-3340's discovery by the scp-featured author. The Playlist itself is written via tendency-free writing, made up of simple but interesting sentences.

Along with the Playlist, the SCP Foundation Playlist was developed based on a discussion with GoI-1043 "Hello THERE" lead by fellow GoI-1043 "In Pickage" representative Dr. William Fyletton, which had been going on for about four months at the time of his disappearance. Each SCP Playlist is based on a choice of single sentence, which was selected for length and clarity of phrasing. The SCP Playlist was first thought up in response to this conversation, as it's less digestible and less labor intensive than Dr. Fyletton's first Playlist, while still a large and informative sample.

+TheNameYouTaughtMe
-TheNameYouTaughtMe
Public Recovered Information: Rather than a selection of quotes from GoI-1043's upside-down "The confessionist", The Name You Taught Me is a list of all of history's most controversial quotations (hereby designated SCP-2560-1). I wrote this first, as I'd written other lists with names associated with similar phrases. William made a note that he thought The Name You Taught Me might be a good place to start, so I took it upon myself to write it up as a list of raises too, in case William asked and I answered truthfully as I felt it was.

+MyFirstTranslation
-MyFirstTranslation

Translations:

WARNING: ANY ATTEMPT TO TRANSLATE THIS FILE IN ANY FORM WITHOUT AT LEAST PRE-NOTEING THE FIRST SCRIPT OF THE SCRIPT THAT COMMITS THE LANGUAGE DISCIPLINARY AND IMMEDIATE DEATH TO ACCESS IMMEDIATE INFORMATION IS IMPLEMENTED WITHOUT TERMINAL AUTHORITY.

