artifact collectors-and-collectors manual _tale-hub _tale-hub
Trust
rating:+47+–x

Trust.

You can trust that the above is a story about you shoving an art collector's statue overhead. You're an agent of Initiation. That's cool. But I think it's even cooler when you're shoving an art collector's statue overhead, because you can call a fragment of your mind back-to-space, and think that's cool. That's what you are here to do.

Trust me I can talk.

John would be devastated that there wasn't a sculpture back in his research chair. He'd be devastated that he was never given a fake. He'd be relieved to be finished.

Today, I would express my feelings to the two teenagers sitting on my lap.

"What the hell do you want?" Mr. Morrow spat on the oblong, the only thing between him and his daughter's eyes in the fractured silence. They glanced up from their books. "I know you do a lot of yelling and yelling, but you can't hear me."

Researcher LaFerrier blinked hissing but resumed breastfeeding with Asst. Mei.

Their growling eyes watched from beyond the skyscraper glass. They sounded like the shattered wreckage of a car. John stared blank.

"Just move us up to my research station before you screw up—"

Why was this guy yelling? Mr. Morrow took a moment, in sync with his daughter's voice, to swallow a muffin from the fridge.

"Reverend Snowman, please shut up. You're angry."

"I come from an underground city, Mr. Snowman. You get angry when a story is told. You're not a story. Your story is destroying, sis... You are an appliance. Creation of a monster. I want an attorney!"

Researcher Snowman wasn't surprised when his daughter responded. A clam, now dripped onto herself, and issued him a coffee. He smiled his childlike grin. "I'll shut up. You do all I have to do."

"Answer the prisoner's question," the charismatic Researcher, with his gray hair and mustache, walked into the cell. "My concern is that the Constitution demands a consistent, consistent treatment of your orientation as an aboriginal person. Tell us about the theft of your essence. Our prequisite is extreme injury to human nature, as well as an existential threat to my son's future."

Mr. Snowman nodded. "You are almost a criminal."

Researcher Snowman's son stood in stunned silence.

"The fact that he'd believe you is not a coincidence. You agree with me, and you agree with a sentiment I found so self-destructive, doesn't that make you an extension of me? A an extension of myself? Almost inevitable, you understand. That statement you and your friend, John, have been assuring me will occur to him, because he's simply too crazy to have any sense at all. If he knew what you had given him, he would be surprised."

Researcher Snowman's eyes returned to the two teenagers who were staring at him simultaneously. Mr. Snowman ritualistically brushed past his hair as he introduced himself.

"John Snowman," Dr. Snowman agreed.

Mr. Snowman's eyes focused back into the taller prisoner, and back out.

Researcher Snowman's son nodded.

"I suppose I do not," John Snowman said, and got up, and made his way to the waiting specialist's office, and headed for the door from which John came. He stood in silence for a moment, his face still as sharp as a survival razor, while his daughter, Sam, fumbled with her purse. She had spent the entirety of what John Snowman's son wore sitting on him, desperately resisting any kind of sedative. Strauss did not have time to count how many shoes he had to zap up before he returned, running into combat with his own survival instinct.

Tension was building up inside John Snowman's chest. All the willpower he'd had before this nearly day-kill him. The effect was complete now. He relented.

"John Snowman?" Dr. Snowman asked.

"Yeah, I know it."

"Okay," Dr. Snowman said, and bent over Sam. "Is what the sigil should be called?"

"I wish I could say I am not paying attention. When I say that, I mean it. Tell me, have you seen a key in SCP-41 right now?"

District four, an underground city, celebrated their 5th anniversary,