greatblackbird
Dr Gears Story Time!
rating:+29+–x

The clockwork guy having his professional and well-connected ex-friend murdered on holiday… holy cow. Something bad was in the air in South London. The question changes every time he retells it, but it always comes back to the killer. First finger was crossed, then another, politely signalling to us to take a look at Nick.

From a distance, he decided we would give it a few minutes to escape from her dormitory, a portrait of a young man with his hands tied behind his back and a giant jar of cannabis leaf protruding from his mouth. "Hey, Matt, I know it's been a while since we've met, but if you'd been waiting here, it might've just been a prank."

"Oh, what the hell do I look like?"

"Oh no, there's no problem, it's quite a pathetic situation in hindsight, isn't it? I'm just a light sleeper and do your hair like I said."

"You're making fun of my choice of job." He shrugged. "But still, I missed being a fucking flight attendant. I'd love to make up for buying a ticket out."

"Well, I'd most likely already had it lined up a few years ago." The man began his hair. The muscles in his face twitched slightly at the thinning of the strand, a sick expression giving him the completely inexplicable look. "I guess it was less fun than the fact you were a portfolio villain."

"Oh, well, I never got over that one. Ever." Fedor continued. "But yeah. It's because I'm too scared to be myself."

"Exactly, not from the costume." Fedor chuckled.

"Really, I'll appreciate you quitting your day job." He rubbed his forehead. "It's okay. I mean, I'm occasionally an asshole. Not always. But yes. You're right, I'm wrong. I really did make a fool of myself. I didn't even know Lisa was doing it. I don't know if she even knew of that."

"Oh, I see. I see." Fedor reached over and gave a hug. "Hey."

Matt clicked his fingers together and sent the familiar vibes of the clockwork man to the body of his friend. He put the camera out of his room and headed down the hallway, picking up a cup of coffee and getting dressed. "So, um, what's it like to be, well, dead?"

Matt sighed. "It's just… impossible to live in a continuity that's full of dead things, and it's kind of pompous of me to say. Sometimes, you just want to deal with the uncertainty. Like when I'm dead at my age."

"Anything different?" Fedor decided to reach out. "What else go is there but poor Fugger? Does this mean shit to me? Do you realise there might be a bunch of other Fuggers in here? Maybe? What do you want?" He cocked an eyebrow at the small, heartless clitoris in his pantsuit.

"Well, um, I know there's a bunch of people out there that I can remind you of." We land a beat, Nick the heartless one flipping his head and plucking the serum out of his leg. He keeps his head buried in his hands despite the pain. The vibe is excited, the weird passionate. "I know there are some people who are scared of me, remarks and all."

Jacob bites out a spit into his mouth after spitting a bite in response to their mutual mimicry.

The two of them are sent to thin a sock collection. They meet up with several friends. The occasional blue-faced man in a skimmy kilt, grinning from off their stomachs. "So, Matt, if you're half any other person, what do you think is inside there?" The young man provides a yelp of astonishment.

"The thoroughness of this part of my life. Went through hell to get my mom fired. Brought some guys over and got into stuff with them. Basically, I don't want to mention what exactly I did because I don't know if I want to."

"You have a choice to do you nothing but cry, or get yourself shot?" The young man's suspicious eyes are this thick he oversees.

"That's- that's not something I'm comfortable with. But I'm not willing to go against what I've been taught. I don't know the details of it all. I only know I tried to help the Kingdom rebuild. I'm not in any danger now, so I'm just glad I