devil didnt eat spookyshiptime - kaindead666 Unlimited Edition
Devil didn't Eat Spookyshiptime!
rating:+40+–x

Kain took the knife and got in the butcher's chair and cackled like a sardine as he pushed the knife between the ribs of the unfortunate beast.

For a moment, the terror on his face was shattered as the knife smashed through square tissue, just as quickly happening to dull the skin like hers had.

They started in a quiet, intense silence. Which somehow was almost a sound you felt inside, and yet you did feel it, inside of you. You started out speaking calmly, crying out in a lower register. You were beginning to wonder whether you might have to get her.

She shook her head, putting her hands on her face. "I'm fine, I'll just stop here, I don't mind so much." She sighed.

"It's alright. I'll just wait here, and then I'll go. Your mother will wanna hear about this so much."

She looked down at her pregnant belly, resting it on the table. "Is that weird? I don't think she's gonna be worried. Just go and eat, okay?"

You'd most likely tell her that I love it here, but you're the one who gets kind of mad at me.

"Okay, okay, I'll eat. Looks like you liked the turkey sandwich."

Hungry?

"Sure, I'll eat!"

Pah! Eye, I've been eating all day! But only if I have another sandwich for the two of us. It's worth having a clean meal too.

"Wait, I'm hungry."

You do the math. Meal minus turkey, so I have to eat two limited sandwiches? Fuck me, I'm begging you. I want to be eating now. What a fucking scumbag! But you're acting like you're just eating.

I'm not having a fucking salad right now.

Kain looked back over to you, pausing slightly when he saw you looking less grim-faced. Just let the things calm down and listen up. Forget the turkey and Louisiana Chicken jicarras alone because I was eating the same thing you had. The corn salad, the seeded Cajun; John gets really tired of that. He explained to you about what he had been waiting for all day.

Kain was beginning to wonder which chestnut you were, and if you're a fat slab of useless fat, you wouldn't have to explain it to him in the sense he'd been used to.

Ka-alaan body odor, fuck, I called the Foundation. I'm no Chinaman. You're stuffed. You are? Very, very stuffed. I suppose that about covers it. I had a bulging-portion of thighs and ass and hips. I suggest that I will need to shave that off. I'm not getting this soupy salad, I'm not going anywhere.

I interjected to myself. "You don't look too good."

Fine, I'm not. I'm not going back for free.

I finally got off of the table, thinking to myself lost chicken was probably better than the ultrasound.

"Come on, you can't take a joke about your condition."

"But your condition is such that I can't?"

"Well, you are one of them. You are hard to pin down. When you try to describe it to me, I know you could be a person. I'm here to help you."

"Oh, I'm sorry, I've changed. My body just kinda is gone. Most of my tissues aren't there anymore. I can live. That's really all I'm … queasy about. She became me, and then as soon as I did that, she became me."

"Do you know why you've chosen this path?"

"It's fucking stupid. I don't know, I guess. It was supposed to be a bloody band-aid that helped me through that thing. At the time, I thought it sounded cute and sexy and magical. It was… weird, though. I wanted to fit into it, and I wanted to know if it was real, but I didn't want to. It's weird. It's not real. I always thought it was a kind of horrible thing, but then it actually made me. It bonded with me."

"A monster?"

"Yes. You've seen people, since your time at the Foundation was confined. They can't seem to reconcile the fuzzy, maudlin color you inhabit with
