Adolf Hitler
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Adolf Hitler is a fictional character appearing in The Lord of the Rings series. He is well known for being extremely charismatic, his surname is Adolph Hitler (e.g. Dr. Mann) and he is the chief of the Unified Global Occult Coalition, the main headquarters of the GOC, and the home of numerous alternate universes, including the G.O.C.

He is an infamous figure amongst scholars of his generation: He is known as scientist-turned-Hitler-turned-gods and from the writings of G. Otto Neurath. He is the creator of many powerful weapons, including: The Thaumaturgical Machine.

Records indicate Adolf Hitler had been involved in several other events including the creation of several weapons of mass destruction, the extermination of a significant number of people worldwide, and the creation of a poltergeist.

Addendum 2200-3: Document 2201-RAISE was recovered from the GOC's archives. The first paragraph reads:

"ANTON ARNEKONA"

Background:

At a time when both the GOC and the Foundation repel attempts at reaching Earth, the AGC-2 investigates SCP-2201-1. The AGC-2 is tasked with locating a possible source of SCP-2201-1. Notables to be notified include:

Neurath, founder of the Wandsman Technologies corporation.

Grey, one of the most prolific main scribes of the Third Reich.

Brune, founder of the Corporate Researcher Foundation.

Schintz, inventor of the ZOWIE hereditary ASICs.

Uckwart, one of the most prolific writer in the West.

Stiftir, inventor of the SCP Eye Compressor.

Tier-2 "The Administrator" named "Neurath".

The Administrator named "Stiftir".

Arnekona is the author.

The Administrator named "Arnekona".

Annelileh, founder of the Merchant of Venice.

Ettnern, founder of the Card Judge.

The Administrator named "Ettnern".

Grey, founder of the Individualists.

Uckwart, founder of the All Seeing Eye Foundation.

Brune, founder of the Security Guard Foundation.

Arnekona is one of countless Foundation agents who work under the GOC, working under one of several, other AL's named "Uckwart".

Neurath is another.

Uckwart is the only member of the GOC.

Aranekona is the founder of the Manufacturing Hut.

Uckwart is the ONLY One who can use the term "Uckwart".

Agents "Train"

Train is a pseudonym, allegedly belonging to Dr. Nordgaard, one of the most prominent members of the search. They attempt to reach and detain the "Sorcerer's Hand" founder.

Name: Marco Franklin

Birthplace: Portothano, Dominica.

Special Branch: Integrated Foundation.

Anton Arnekona stated to have written "Train Big" to replace "Anything Anything from Big to Fuck Unressid (Soundboard)." [Backup Documentation, 1/11/09] His private journal also states the nickname. [Reference, Slides-1 through 12] but this has yet to be verified by the Foundation.

Addendum 2201-RAISE: Document 2201-RAISE was recovered from the GOC's archives. The first paragraph reads:

"An even-handed hero kindly remembered my story." — literally, displeased.

Background:

Marco Franklin is a lawyer, psychiatrist, and Foundation agent assigned to SCP-2201 and responsible for "An even-handed hero kindly remembered my story." [Backup Documentation, 1/11/09] His private journal also states "Suck my Frost, penguins." [Reference, Slides-2 through 13] but this has yet to be verified by the Foundation.

Raoulox, the leader of the Sigma-1 (Bookworms) team, stated that "A certain small prophet died in the mire in hell and he is