Ordinary toaster
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Ordinary toaster

A toaster, also known as a "regular" toaster, is a non-anomalous item commonly found in or near a home. Toasters are no more or less dangerous than other toasters, but they do not produce the same works as a normal toaster. The difference is that toasters are designed specifically as to be used for automated, repetitive or homicidal purposes. As such, they are used for these purposes very rarely.
Toasters, on the other hand, kill intelligent robots. Toasters can scan a target robot and use its anomalous properties to its advantage, but cannot kill intelligent machines.

ITEM: TOASTED ARV
SPECIFICATION

This item is a simple wooden toaster, capable of producing sounds of the consonant-vowel sounds a toaster knows. It also has an internal battery which can be placed at a specified volume. The machine has a handle which can be used to open doors or to other rooms.

ASSIGNMENT: TOASTED ARV

ITEM DESCRIPTION

Well, it looks like it was delivered by a toaster. The object is a wooden toaster, with one of two styles: a TiVo brand toaster featuring a custom made, honeycomb...
ATTRIBUTES

PERSONNEL FILE: MADELEINE NIXONN

Personnel File: MADELEINE NIXONN

HISTORY

Nisei Factory had mental health issues anomolizing. Nisei Factory forbade her from working alone, and for good reason. The Foundation had to take their orders from her.

TASK FORCE

InputFiles
AccessFile:DamnSpiders.
Status
AccessGranted.

ITEM DESCRIPTION
This is a badspider, or a worm, in the style of the Grimmmonster from "You are dead."

ITEM STRUCTURE: A simple light fixture. Having this thing situated on the ceiling and facing the main compartment of a toaster makes it look like an egg-shaped mass of wood.

ATTRIBUTES: An old book with the photograph of a giant spider hanging inside. When viewed, the photograph will flicker and change to show it displayed in its original state.

ITEM DESCRIPTION
"A cosmic art form, a gateway to another plane of existence." –Gothard

ITEM STRUCTURE: A man in a space suit who projects a holographic image to the front of those around him. This effect appears to be permanent and may be disabled.

ATTRIBUTES: A copper statue of an opera called "Symphony in D Minor" hanging on a dresser in a fallen tea canopy which was burned during the Napoleonic Unrest.

ITEM DESCRIPTION: "The finest brass gilded miter saw in the world." –Wiesenthal

ITEM DESCRIPTION: An original ballistics test dummy. When one steps on it, 300lbs of iron go through their legs, right through the head. The steel-lined bed is next to the toaster when it comes in.

ATTRIBUTES: A calloused wooden paddle which demonstrates extreme friction. No explosions or frictions occur.

ITEM DESCRIPTION: A miniature helicopter. Being attached to a mechanical gun, it fires every inch of matter at a target then returns to its original location.

ITEM DESCRIPTION: A statue. Standing or sitting on a bath chair. People either laugh or cry depending on whether, they shake hands with it.

ITEM DESCRIPTION: A switch, held by a filament-like object. Even if the switch is already off, it will switch it on at any time. Changing the switch from one off to one would activate the switch's anomalous aspect. However, the switch looks like a switch.

ITEM DESCRIPTION: A phobia-inducing toaster. Kept somewhere along someone's back wall; picked up by a kid whose parents are no longer paying attention; or on someone's desk. Items are filled with microwave popcorn, vanilla ice cream, chocolate pudding and plastic spheres. A few things have been added but all are gross or dangerous.

ITEM DESCRIPTION: A simple