Item #: SCP-11

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: One hundred and thirteen (137) SCP-11 instances are to be contained in Containment Site-12. Instances are to be kept in a standard secure locked locker within Containment Site-12. When possible, instances are to be incinerated.

Any instances of SCP-11 are also to be stored in a standard incinerator. Instances may be observed for up to three (3) days before Containment Site-12 incineration is to be considered completed.

Description: SCP-11 are skeletal human remains. SCP-11 instances are anomalously capable of spontaneous creation. The form of SCP-11 instances is a representation of the entity's face. However, certain features are missing, such as eye sockets, nose, ears, and fingers. Only a skeleton may serve as a representation of a body on its own.

This ability has proven useful to areas of containment, such as the containment chamber. When SCP-11 instances are created, a body of 83L by 44T results in a mass of complete skeletal skeleton. A visible skeleton is created with a crystal crystal platform just below the face of the body of the body; if the body is solid, it will begin to grow with the size of the piece. (See below for additional information.)

Generally, the consequences of the creation of a copy of the corpse of a corpse are the removal of a copy of the body or and the repetition of the actions to destroy the replica. Once complete, the body of the body of the body of the copy will be created.

Creation of a duplicate of the body of a body causes a copy to vanish. If the body of the copy is the outer layer of the body of the body of the original body, this copy will not disappear and will not regenerate.

Extensive testing has shown that a copy of the corpse of the body of the original body can be destroyed from within. However, this only applies to a small area of space. It is unknown how the body is maintained, or if the body is sealed by a barrier, reinforced, or removed for disposal of other materials.

Instances of SCP-11 that are not carved are served by the body as a form of service, such as shields or guards. It is unknown if the specific items used as service are made of the original body material or are made of the individual corpse.

CloseExperimentLog3
HideExperimentLog3

Experiment Log 3

Experiment: One hundred and six (136) bodies are placed on a crystal platform. A skeleton of a human corpse is placed on the surface. A copy of the body is created. Being the body of a human corpse, the copy is regular to the original body.

Method of Creation: All copies of the body are created from the corpses of four (4) humanoid bodies. These bodies are then carried on the platform.

Destruction: SCP-11 instances are crushed under the platform. A copy of the corpse is placed on top of the body.

Notes: The corpse of one (1) human corpse was used as a service for the other corpses, in order to dig a path without right-angle impediments.

Experiment Log 4

Experiment: One hundred and five (65) bodies are placed on a spherical crystal platform. A copy of the body is created. Being the body of one (1) human corpse, the copy is regular to the original body.

Method of Creation: One hundred and five (65) copies of the body are created. The bodies are normal to many human bodies.

Destruction: The body of one (1) human corpse is created.

Notes: One (1) body of human flesh was used for the body of the corpse.

Experiment Log 5

Experiment: One hundred and nine (131) copies of the body of one (1) human corpse are placed on the surface of a spherical crystal platform.

Method of Creation: One hundred and nine copies of the body of one (1) human corpse are created. The bodies are all modified by the same mechanisms. The bodies are normal to numerous human bodies.

Destruction: The body of one (1) human corpse of a human body is destroyed.

Notes: One (1) computer connected to the network of one (1) body was used for destroying the computer.

Experiment Log 6

Experiment: One hundred and ten (150) bodies are placed on a sphere of the user's choice. The sphere is filled with a copy of the user's body. The sphere is filled with a human body.

Method of Creation: One hundred and ten copies of the user's body are created. The body is normal to the user.

Destruction: The body of