Item #: SCP-141

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-141 is to be kept in a specially designed storage container located within Site-███'s storage wing. A glass wall at each foundation of SCP-141 is to be used for SCP-141's containment chamber. Prolonged exposure to SCP-141 will cause visual hallucinations and loss of memory.

All staff are forbidden from allowing SCP-141 to be released in any facilities without Level 5 or higher clearance.

SCP-141 is to be kept under constant surveillance at all times. Once removed from its storage chamber, it is to be stored in an off-site locker with specific dimensions for each transported item. After every three months, staff with access to SCP-141 are to be alerted to its presence and to be prepared to contain it.

Description: SCP-141 is a stainless-steel memento from the reign of Henry V, dating to the year 1647. Although SCP-141's exact date of origin is undetermined, records of its creation show that it was created while Henry II was holding office in York City on the City's first year.

SCP-141's anomalous properties manifest whenever Henry, while on supervised leave of his office, is seen holding a dado, a diamond-tipped drawstring purse rumored to be dedicated to Henry, and a wedding ring. In all three instances of SCP-141's properties, it was found that Henry and the dado, the ring, and the ring were present at the same time.

SCP-141 and the dado are each made of diamond. Causes of SCP-141's anomalous properties are currently unknown.

The dado is crafted of gold and platinum, both of which are native to the United Kingdom. The ring, made of pure diamond, is particularly rare, having been appraised by an auction house as the largest ever found. Further study suggests that the ring is an early indication of Henry's engagement with Mary, the wife of Henry's famous "Lord Protector" Henry IV.

+InterviewLog141
-AccessGranted

Interviewed: Henry III of Henry V

Interviewer: Dr. Vetsch

Foreword: This is the second part of a two-part interview with Henry III of Henry V. It shows how Henry's engagement with Mary began, how Henry was given his ring as a gift, and how Henry was given his engagement ring.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Vetsch: How did Henry get his engagement ring?

Henry III: [pause] I had to marry some friends, but they always said it was very nice.

Dr. Vetsch: That's quite enough Henry. The same goes for your engagement ring. And what do you think about it?

Henry III: [pause] I was a knight, but I never really married. I've got a couple of other friends, but this is my first time with the ring. I mean, it's my own ring.

Dr. Vetsch: What do you think?

Henry III: I don't know. I don't even know where they put it and I don't know how to explain it. My husband has always been very nice to me, but this was my first engagement of the year. He genuinely didn't know what it was for but it was a good one.

Dr. Vetsch: A good one?

Henry III: I don't know what it meant. Now, I know I'm a boy of marriage, but the ring is the only thing I think any old man would be proud of. I can't believe I'm married. I thought I was going to be out of the country for a while, but she was right in the middle of France where she lived. I think we were staying the night before my wedding, and I was so excited to be a couple of days away.

Dr. Vetsch: How did you get your engagement ring?

Henry III: I didn't have a ring. I was just trying to be the pretty girl from the castle. It was a week after being married, so I thought it would be a good time to get a ring. I mean, I can still hear my wedding ring still ringing in my head, but I could never get the ring out, so I don't know what happened.

Dr. Vetsch: I see. Henry, can you describe your wedding ring?

Henry III: It's like a wedding ring, except it's the perfect ring. It's so small, I can play hide and seek with it. It's so small I can't even play it. It's made of silver, so I think it's a very nice ring. [laughing] I found it the same day I married my husband.