Item #: SCP-156

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-156 and its entire geographical area of effect is now contained below a standard containment chamber. In the event that SCP-156 is displayed for a direct visual in one or more venues of human or mechanical composition, mobile Task Force Epsilon-9 ("Toad's Pit Sweet Tooth") is to be deployed from participating sites to pick up the case and release it.

Description: SCP-156 is a felted helix-shaped butterwafer of unknown material in appearance and substance. It appears to be made from butter-based material. It has been classified as Euclid-class based on a combination of usually being carved and shaped like an ice pick, roughness of shape and the fact that its anomalous nature has not been observed in or through any other object in which it would be.

It is currently believed that SCP-156 can be manifested by the touch of humans and/or mechanical devices, using these to draw the creature's attention. This is reversed when personnel draw SCP-156 using non-human methods, allowing steps within SCP-156 to be traced back to the peripheries. Humans and/or robotics devices are either directly or indirectly affected by SCP-156, and in other instances have been showered with praise or recognition.

SCP-156 was discovered by the Foundation in a cellar in Dublin, Ireland, at approximately 4 PM on February 26, 2016. A parenthetical note on a street sign attached to the door to SCP-156's cellar read: "I'll give you a heartwarming life story for your next Valentine's Day card, PLEASE don't touch this buttery thing, it's pretty dicky."

There are no SCP-156 instances at any time, nor any hand-held devices in circulation. It is unknown if any of these devices, which are believed to be directly effected by SCP-156 and thus affected by SCP-156's anomalous properties, are able to represent the difference between human and mechanical interfaces and, at a minimum, replicate them.

While researchers interviewed by SCP-156 were able to provide the full module's contents, understanding of SCP-156 is limited by the failure of its containment procedures.

Addendum 156-1: Interviews

Interviewed: SCP-156

Interviewer: Dr. Forrest

Foreword: First of SCP-156's interviews. Dr. Forrest is tasked with constructing a scope for psychological observation and to determine the effect of SCP-156's anomalous effects.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Forrest: Alright let's get this over with. Alright, how's the two of you doing?

SCP-156: Pretty good. Before I make this any more complicated, I need you to be cleared to begin with some basics.

Dr. Forrest: Alright, real quick, the Test Chamber is on the left side of the room, with the two colored buttons.

SCP-156: It'll be right there, yeah. I can hear you, now that I know you're going to probably want to get out of there.

Dr. Forrest: Different method of activation.

SCP-156: Yeah, alright, cool. So, I'm here to see if I can get you some space in which to open all of those little room things.

Dr. Forrest: The Test Chamber?

SCP-156: Yep. It's on this wall right there. Well, I guess that's where I put my boxes. And you can probably see that I'm adding the little test cases, right?

Dr. Forrest: Do you need any help with those?

SCP-156: I'm kind of looking for a shortcut. From what I can tell, the manual is here.

Dr. Forrest: Well I don't think you're going to get out of there.

SCP-156: Oh, hell only hope. I'm afraid I'm not quite the autodidact one you're looking for, but I promise you, I'm going to come up with something for you within the allotted time.

Dr. Forrest: I am going to come up with something for you now, yes. Particularly for you. It's one of those easy-to-use changes. I believe that I'm done.

SCP-156: Oh, sweetie, I could use the help, namely, the Reversal Mechanism. Even if it's not as easy as James says, you're going to be able to hear me, I'm sure.

Dr. Forrest: Just so I can get this over with before we go on to the next step, I've got your chalkboard here. You're going to draw an approx. 20x20X20 line of the area highlighted on the chalkboard, then proceed to draw a dot.