Item #: SCP-17

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Individual SCP-17 instances are contained in a standard locker at Site-60. Visits to locate SCP-17 instances are to be made by Level 3 staff. All individuals and items found inside SCP-17 instances are to be tested for all known traces of SCP-17. While Foundation personnel are not to disturb SCP-17 instances, rags in the locker are to be replaced with new rags or nylon armor.

Staff assigned to SCP-17 are to report regularly to the top administrator of SCP-17.

Description: SCP-17 instances are an assortment of items resembling traditional street clothes, from the 17th century. Four anomalous effects are associated with SCP-17 instances. First, instances are affected by the 'Little Gentleman Syndrome'. Second, individuals within 10 meters of SCP-17 instances are completely unaffected (i.e. cannot flee). Third, the individuals within 24 meters of SCP-17 instances are completely disabled. And fourth, individuals within 100 meters of the creature are greatly reduced in cellular mass, and difficulty breathing is noted in all instances.

The material of SCP-17 instances is identical to street clothes for the time period CC-17 activated by the town of Thebes, Greece (see Sample 17-A: SCP-17-A). Items found inside of SCP-17 instances were found in a trash bag in a garbage bin outside of the town, several of which were labeled as street clothes.

SCP-17 instances are hostile to people and objects. In the presence of one or more human beings, SCP-17 instances will attempt to consume them. Items found are designated as SCP-17 instances. Instances of SCP-17 instances are affected by the 'Little Gentleman Syndrome'. Additionally, Professor Georg Archaeov of Oryol University in Vilayetok reportedly experienced a permanent mental stability loss after sustaining a 7.5% to 9% loss of consciousness.

When interacting with SCP-17 instances, all individual instances are capable of causing physical harm to those who interact with them. SCP-17 instances have been known to cause significant damage to old buildings, especially when standing on the roof or at the top of a structure, along with minor damage to furniture. SCP-17 instances are also able to cause minor damage to items stored in its footprint. In addition, individuals who interact with SCP-17 in its presence are infected by the 'Little Gentleman Syndrome'.

In instances of SCP-17 instances, persons have been identified as SCP-17 instances. These instances are incapable of harm to human beings, but the power source inside of SCP-17 instances cannot be removed. Subjects who are exposed to SCP-17 instances are affected in a similar way to those of subjects who work in the area affected. Instances of SCP-17 instances are capable of increased aggression to those individuals.

Immediate treatment for exposure to SCP-17 instances is recommended. When in the presence of a human being, a small amount of SCP-17 instances will become animated and attempt to consume it. Pain is expressed in the breast area of SCP-17 instances. SCP-17 instances will still respond as normal, and continue to attack those who approach it.

Exploration of the lagoon surrounding SCP-17 instances is kept to a minimum.

A report on SCP-17 instances is to be made monthly to the top administrator of SCP-17.

Interviews Log 17-A:

Date: 10/06/21

Interviewer: Dr. Sajid Al-Menahem

Interviewee: SCP-17 instances

<Begin Log, 00:40>

Dr. Al-Menahem: Good morning, SCP-17 instances. Do you mind if we take a dip in the lagoon and ask you some questions about Thebes?

SCP-17 instances: Uh, yeah.

Dr. Al-Menahem: While you are properly focused on a subject on the ground, do not attempt to interfere with the larger object.

SCP-17 instances: Sir?

Dr. Al-Menahem: Yes, allow it to activate.

SCP-17 instances: (pauses) I'm getting a bit of a headache, right?

Dr. Al-Menahem: Whoa, not the hard stuff. I'm just here to ask you some questions.

SCP-17 instances: Big French guy, right?

Dr. Al-Menahem: Well, he's not French.

SCP-17 instances: (pauses) What kind of question is this?

Dr. Al-Menahem: I want you to tell me if you have anything you think the Foundation is capable of preventing the effect.

SCP-17 instances: (pauses) I only hope we can keep it a