Item #: SCP-179

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-179 is secured in a storage locker on-site. A person is to be trained to remove the item, and then locked in a room with the item, at the discretion of incharge personnel.

In the event pursuant to SCP-179's effect, a containment chamber is to be constructed at the top of the containment room containing SCP-179. This containment chamber is to be guarded by at least two security personnel, who are tasked with maintaining SCP-179's containment.

The, the individual holding SCP-179's containment chamber is to be assigned an in-house specialist in SCP-179's anomalous properties.

Description: SCP-179 is a small cardboard box loaded with 2 dozen blue plastic pennies. SCP-179 is made primarily of paper, although material analysis of the objects have revealed that they are made of rubber.

SCP-179's anomalous impact manifests when it is inserted into a glass of water, then rolled back into its original shape. Any liquid which the object is rolled into will become contaminated.

Addendum: Strangely, SCP-179's anomalous properties remain in effect after the surface of the water is removed from the container.

Addendum: On the night of ██/██/19██, a letter was delivered to the current owner of SCP-179. A card with a printed seal was returned to the current owner, who reported being transported from her native country to contiguous United States. The letter was produced with a photo tag stating "Gentleman" on it.

The letter was addressed to "My Countryman", and read as follows:

Dear Friend,

I am so proud of you and your great strides in the military. You have come to kill me, my war, my nation, my wretched legacy. I have set the trigger, and now this is the intelligence but who are you?

I have been trained by the very best in the United States, the United Nations and the West as your warleader, but this is not my time to die.

Your kindness has already brought us all into the safety of our new home, my home. I hope we take great care of it.

Hereafter, we will also drive you to the end of your battle. The…resolved…"peace.

Now, I wish you the best of luck in your future.

Peace,
Reverend C. Wesley

Description: SCP-179 is a grease-stained piece of paper, found storing in a glass. In addition, SCP-179's anomalous properties are active when the surface of the liquid is rolled into it, and disposal is successful regardless of the personnel holding the paper under it.

Addendum: Following the disappearance of Dr. d'Amour, an additional testing team, led by Dr. █████, was brought in to investigate the potential presence of SCP-179. Results of this research were inconclusive, and the person in administrator of the SCP Study team, Dr. █████, has since been reassigned to investigate SCP-179's nature. Security personnel were called in as the remains were suspected to contain SCP-179, despite the obvious need for the researchers to remove all traces of SCP-179's effect.

Addendum: After a failed run by Dr. █████, an inferior investigation team was convened. The results were inconclusive.

Addendum: On ██/██/19██, another containment breach by SCP-179 occurred. Security team was called in to investigate both the anomaly and the appearance of SCP-179 in the containment chamber, and the security team's findings were amiable, although they found the source of SCP-179's anomalous effect was not located. All materials recovered from the breach are now being stored.

Description: SCP-179 is a crumpled piece of paper identical to SCP-179, and empty with no markings. It is coloured and appears to be folded in the same way as SCP-179.

Addendum: On ██/██/19██, SCP-179 appeared to open a top left fold of paper. Upon opening the top fold, SCP-179 found a small note embedded in the corners.

Item #: SCP-179

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-179 is to be kept in a low-security storage box and be contained on-site. No immediate action is required.

In the event of a containment breach, storage containment is to be achieved in a secure location. No attempt to remove SCP-179 or its contents from containment is to be taken at this time. A perimeter is to be maintained between the containment and personnel at all times, through use of high-alert Level 4/179 alert banners.

Description: SCP-179