Item #: SCP-266

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: If SCP-266 is to be contained within one of its containment cells, personnel are to be given Class-B amnestics before interacting with it.

Description: SCP-266 is an animal (82cm tall and weighing 40kg) located in ██████, Johannesburg, South Africa. SCP-266 is capable of speech, movement, and storage, but it is therefore not intelligent, traditional, or sociable. SCP-266 is capable of speaking in English, French, and German, though it appears to understand all others.

Addendum: Interview

Interviewed: SCP-266

Interviewer: Dr. Klim T. Matula

Foreword: This interview was conducted on 02/14/2012 due to SCP-266's anomalous properties.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Matula: Our stable is now in the middle third of the Shandy. I won't be needing to move any of the prisoners.

SCP-266: No problem, matula. I'd have to be older than you!

Dr. Matula: Let's have you start by asking you what your name is.

SCP-266: Yea, I do not remember it! I see both—

Dr. Matula: It's okay. That's fine. It's likely that you're earlier than you think. If you're inclined, feel free to ask the question again.

SCP-266: Very good!

Dr. Matula: Let's finish up then. What is your name, particularly if you're humanoid?

SCP-266: Yea, it's me, uh… a little… myself… Kenm-

Dr. Matula: I'm sorry, but are you sure you're human? Or perhaps you may be more like a human than we were before?

SCP-266: (grunts) Yeah. I think I'm human. I'm still on the mainland, then.

Dr. Matula: Alright. So you're human then?

SCP-266: Yes.

Dr. Matula: And if so, you were killed by the person you were with during your last life?

SCP-266: (sighs) Yeah.

Dr. Matula: Compared to those who were with you, how does that sound?

SCP-266: Uh… Okay, but I don't think so. I think that's probably a little much. I know that you only know one part of the story, and that's the thing. The thing that I discovered was that I was born in the town of ██████, South Africa. I don't know who they are, or what they do. I don't know what they're, but I know that I have a change of heart or hate something. After I finished high school, I decided I was going to go to university and get involved, instead of just going and living in Johannesburg. I was thinking ALL of the noble and brilliant people who got married and had children. I thought if I could change the world, I could influence others. I decided that it might work out that I could get a job somewhere in Johannesburg, not through a university, but through a charity. Well, I got a job, but I didn't do anything with it.

Dr. Matula: What did you do?

SCP-266: I studied international politics, and I never liked politics. I wanted to learn more. However, the Foundation is such an interesting place, and I felt that I was in the right place at the right time. I started out as Monkeyn, then Karl- the famous, but dead, monk from the Georgian monasteries. Anyway, I started to go to campus, and I found that I could get jobs there, for parties. I liked US English and French, so I started teaching for a little more, and then I lost interest, but I still make good time.

After that, I started to make friends with people, so I started to play around with memes, and I found that the internet had made memes a professional sports, cartoon format. I was a pretty good meme-maker, and I can make memes too. I found the Foundation was too, though. I found the Foundation was running a test with me. I used to think I was going to be stuck here for a forever, but a few months later, I was hired to teach at the site. I taught the first one hundred classes. I still have those. I had to teach an english class for things coming of the internet. I learned about the internet at the same time as the English teachers. I also had to teach an algebra class.

After that, I discovered