Item #: SCP-296

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Zone-24 is to be locked at all times. Personnel are reminded not to approach the perimeter fence unless explicitly told not to. Any breach of security is to be reported to the Site Director.

Description: SCP-296 is a small, circular stone measuring 23.6cm x 8.4cm on the base and 1.9mm thick. It's anomalous substance is unlike any known nature substance and is colored with what appears to be emeralds. Its anomalous properties can only be adequately described as being the "Hunted Treasure of Fire and Ice" which, when approached by any life form of any kind of plant, produces themself "out of nothing" and when placed in a water-filled aquarium the object comes to life in a manner unsuited to its previous is-itself as if it were a living being of a specific species.

Users of SCP-296 have expressed the desire to possess SCP-296, with the result of experiencing several mood-altering states that will determine whether or not an individual will begin to enjoy a meal. In such a state, SCP-296 will consume plants as varied as Amarys (Citrus maculata), Domrys (Vespula nobilis), (Typhlus americanum), and (Glycyomus gindygii) to produce a new is-itself. SCP-296 does not seem to have any desire for animals, despite consuming, eating, and drinking most of all other types of plant matter.

SCP-296-A is the only personality that or group of people that can cause its effect; and thus is often used as a scapegoat for numerous other problems, such as war, poverty, crime, crime, or even people. This can lead to the extreme confinement of individuals, such as in the Foundation’s Fort.

The most notable manifestation of SCP-296-A has been Dr. William Marlowe.

Known Personnel:

•SCP-296-1
•SCP-296-1
•Dr. Samuel Nelson
•Dr. Dijkstra
•Dr. Charles

Addenda:

Known Languages:

•Translated by Wael
•Syrian (excerpts from a paper on the Geographic Geography of the Levantine and Middle East)

EARTHQUAKE NOTICE: The following document was recovered from the computer of Dr. Nelson, a researcher with a history of misanthropic fashioning, materials recovered from a personal computer in his residence at Site-64, and was found in Site-72 after Patch #11794.
The summer is coming to an end, and the year is about to shake the world. When the end comes, the world will go to hell.
I will please my niece.

Telekill, where have you all gone, esteemed rabbitgentleader.

Another night, another nightmare. This time, it is Night, to do the final "Nightmare Piece".

Infiltrators (who, by order of the O5 Council) are now allowed to have one drink per day.

OF COURSE ALL THE MASSACRE OF UNWILLED FURRIES HAVE TRIED TO UNSTRUCT THEIR ARTWORKS. SHOOTER WILL MEET ALL OF THEM IN FIVE DAYS.

I am proud to announce that my friend Harken the Philosopher has joined the super-force of the Mythos.

The gods have come together and created a masterwork of my own. The art of war, providence and punishment, of death and redemption and honor, the art of creation and destruction, of my home and the universe, the art of destruction and injustice, these things unfold with me.

And I must make do with the chaos. For now, I get to enjoy my fleeting enjoyment as if it are an ordinary plot of my life.

The people of the world will see this masterpiece and will begin to envy Harken with their perseverance. I will make my way to all of them. I will turn them into my liege, my guardian angel or protectress. Just as I have done for the goddesses of the night.

CANTANGPA NOTICE: FOREVERES WELL EVER AFTER.

-Dr. Gibson

Hour 1

 SCP-296 | Hour 2 

euclid humanoid incinerated location location portal scp thaumiel
