Item #: SCP-311

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-311 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-02, with Foundation-provided resources dedicated to SCP-311's development in the hope that it will be able to be contained in a way that is efficient and all but enjoyable.

Description: SCP-311 is a sapient, sentient, non-lingual humanoid, with the ability to speak and understand other languages. SCP-311 is either capable of speech, writing, or both. SCP-311 has managed to be constructed despite this abuse of and lack of natural intelligence. Despite total physical lethality, SCP-311 is able to speak flawless English, and is perfectly capable of understanding and writing.

SCP-311 is a sapient, sentient, non-lingual humanoid, with the ability to speak and understand English, and is perfectly capable of understanding and writing. SCP-311 demonstrates a complete understanding of the English language, as well as the proper pronunciation of the word "fuck." SCP-311 does not age physically or in any other way, and does not seem to age as long as humans. SCP-311 is able to speak fluent English, and is fully capable of writing, as well.

SCP-311 demonstrates an extreme fear of all forms of media, such as the media it is used for. SCP-311 often attempts to avoid any stimuli amusing or/both it is used in, though the objects that make it very uncomfortable have not yet been identified. SCP-311 will not distinguish between the media around it from using the media, and will use every single form of media in its possession.

SCP-311 is capable of learning, and being taught, languages. There is a broad menu of subjects it could be taught. SCP-311 seems to be able to learn the language of all subjects using the environment around it. SCP-311 maintains a private language of English, named "Strife," for use on its person. The name "Strife" is derived from the two words in the language of German, "Strife" becoming "Strife" what was formerly the name of the original language of English. The second language is a language spoken by SCP-311 that the Foundation has since been unable to exploit (nor mentioned), but allowing SCP-311 to communicate without being seen.

SCP-311 has demonstrated the ability to survive without food nor water. It has survived without food or water in its room and without oxygen or air. It has survived without oxygen in its room 26 times, without air, and since it was put in a 100 kg metal crate in SCP-███'s room.

SCP-311 has shown the ability to communicate with other sapient humanoid beings, including other Foundation agents. There is no limit to SCP-311's ability to communicate with other sapient beings, and it shows the ability to tell the difference between its own name and other sapient beings' names.

SCP-311 has shown the ability to read and write languages. SCP-311 has demonstrated the ability to read and write, as well as the ability to write in English and German.

SCP-311 has shown the ability to transport objects around it, and a number of smaller objects, with varying degrees of strength, speed, or speed of light, or a combination thereof. SCP-311 has demonstrated the ability to attach objects, such as clothing, weapon magazines, and a small, solid box, to itself and carried them about.

SCP-311 is not an art type, as it would wear whatever it is needed to perform its tasks.

Addendum 311-1: Interview

Interview-1
Interview-1

Interview-1 is to be conducted by Dr. ██████, a Foundation Agent and Agent-151, directly. Dr. ██████ is on a break while recovering from his earlier attempt to remove SCP-███ from containment. SCP-███ is in the middle of a riot. SCP-███, who was previously started from scratch, is shattering computers and waste cans as part of her riot. The riot was started by SCP-███ herself expressing a desire to break containment, and was stopped by O5-██, who threatened to termination.

Dr. ██████: Can you tell me what you did, SCP-███?

SCP-███: I just broke something. I don't know what, but I just broke a computer when I didn't want to.

Dr. ██████: As inherently destructive as

SCP-███: I mean, I did it to do something, and that was done, and I did it because I wanted to, but I'm not the only one that wants to do it, and I still have control over my behavior, so I didn't do it to hurt anybody.

Dr. █