Item #: SCP-313

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-313 is to be kept in a reinforced, humid, and darkened room in a Habitat 3 building on-site at all times. SCP-313 is to be fed three times per day via small fish-sized Vectors, and is to be maintained in a room similar to the surrounding Foundation facility. The indoor area is to remain stocked and cleaned on a weekly basis.

Description: SCP-313 is a species of small lamprey that constantly flits from room to room displaying a gestation period of between one and seven months, where it will grow a canola-like growth of this substance. It is capable of moving through walls, ceilings and floor by moving through the air. Unlike other lampreys, SCP-313 is capable of coloring both solid and liquid materials, and surfaces, while retaining its coloration unaffected.

SCP-313 is also capable of the ability to move through gas, water, air and wood, and is capable of reproducing human skin in the process.

It is unknown if this substance is an extradimensional source of light, or an ultrasonic radiation source, or a method of sensory perception (presumably perceived spectral light) or an emotional note, or simply a background to an inner life.

SCP-313 reaches a maximum of 15cm in height when asleep.

SCP-313 has a preference for males, and any source of water or air that it is especially attracted to will be flushed from its body and swam out of its room.

SCP-313 is able to move through walls by swimming through the water, but is also capable of crossing walls. Attempts to enter rooms by SCP-313 have resulted in destruction of walls and noise being heard in the room.

+ExcerptfromSCP-313-1
-Close

[Transparent]

CAAEE-117: How are these things supposed to be in the room? I had to conjure up a bunch of ideas. My personal guess is that they're a lot closer to what might happen to me as an adult.

bCAGAE117: What do you mean? I mean, don't these things look something like cartoons or playsets from the '90s?

+TranscriptofSCP-313-1
-Close

AE117: Alright, so, apparently, the first thing we noticed was that the Canidae fasciata has a phenomenon in this part of the universe called the regeneration of the human heart.

bCAGAE117: I believe it's related to your mother. You see, the Canidae fasciata has a phenomenon where all members of the species do a variety of things, depending on which species was fellowed-off with. You see, the Canidae fasciata is not a single organism, and each of its glial cells contain the seeds of all the species that came before it.

AE117: Ahem. I see. Can you elaborate.

bCAGAE117: So, among these glial cells is a new species. They form an unknown number of glial cells, and are able to grow in a single cell. They produce large quantities of new glial cells within a single set of cells.

AE117: So far, I'm not entirely sure of what exactly this glial cells do, but they seem to specialize in the functions of the heart. They produce a substance that is, for all intents and purposes, a synthetic heart from a previous generation. Its role in the blood supply is unknown, but it appears to act as CPR conduit to the heart.

bCAGAE117: The Sarracidae fasciata is a species of canola that produces a substance similar to silicone and polyurethane. The substance is apparently made from a variety of chemicals used in diapers. However, unlike the Canidae fasciata, the Sarracidae fasciata does not have a permanent period of growth. It will change to a new body, either growing in size from where their ******head’s attached.

bCAGAE117: The blue canis glaucus is a genus of arachnids, which means that it is capable of growing fully grown spiders.

bCAGAE117: It is apparently able to move through the air.

bCAGAE117: SCP-143 is a species of arachnid that is specialized in the function of being able to move through solid materials. Its special sensory apparatus is similar to that of a spider, and will, if exposed to a clear substance, change into a made inanimate, clay-like material that is filled with a substance similar to tejano and is able to absorb and transmit electrical charges.

bCAGAE