Item #: SCP-348

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-348 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Bio-Research Sector-███-█. Armor-grade containment is to be kept on planned testing log and public address system is to be monitored for SCP-348's transportation by Foundation personnel provided with standard combat armor.

Description: SCP-348 is a humanoid male, 2'3" in height, 165 pounds. SCP-348 has been able to speak with its left ear and speaks in a manner that echoes the speech of its creator.

SCP-348 has shown the ability to create many paintings of various animals. These paintings are rendered with the aid of SCP-348's left arm. SCP-348 apologizes for this behavior, and claims that art is a process not entirely understood by it, bias of the viewer, and abnormalities of the world. SCP-348 shows appreciation for these paintings, and said appreciation is most often accompanied with a desire to bring art to the viewer. Objects created by SCP-348 in its gallery will display this quality.

When SCP-348 spends time in the principal originality department of a diploma/master's program, first-year art teachers are encouraged to follow the directions for the art department provided by SCP-348, and all other art classes are permitted. If SCP-348 draws an idea for a piece, it is to be presented to the principal artist, and at least one other person is to be present for approval.

After approval, SCP-348 may display a portrait and/or miniature representation of a working artist in the daytime. See Document-348-1 for more information. The principal artist, and/or any other persons in the art department, are to be informed of the contents of its piece and note it in Document-348-2.

The subject will then be brought into a painting and/or drafting room, allowing the subject to interact with all art supplies and get her own works.

Document-348-1, the Principal Artist Note: SCP-348's painting workshop, is to be kept on a wall of apiarist equipment. No painting materials may be stored in SCP-348's workshop. As of Incident-348-01, SCP-348 may not display any paintings before this note has been completed by the principal artist.

Document-348-2, the Principal Artist Note: SCP-348 will only display its works in accordance with this note. This note has been created to follow the directions for the art department provided by SCP-348.

Description: Object appears to be a painting of Woodstock, Louisiana. Images and sounds in the painting have not been recorded by any studio capable of recording any aspect of reality, but are consistent with images provided by SCP-5445.

No person is ever present in the painting, although SCP-348 is capable of mimicking the entire room he is in at any given moment. This has been known to be possible by photographing the entire painting, allowing SCP-348 to "see" what is inside, and "feel" what is outside. SCP-348 appears to follow a false course to a showpiece as it expresses what it is watching.

SCP-348 has never been observed to have been bored, and has been observed to wander on its own at will. Unless informed that it is in an art class, SCP-348 uses its left hand to paint a painting, and its right hand to point but not touch a piece of art. Over the course of the painting, no alterations of the painting are visible. Whatever changes SCP-348 shows is permanently changed, but ways to end a painting are currently under investigation.

SCP-348's ability has been known to convince a class of aspiring students to create a piece of art, The Heart and The Locket of Light, was used to create SCP-348 when a student in a medium painting class at ██████████ University of ████████ proposed to use objects from SCP-5445 in a painting session. This was not approved, and SCP-348 was held to the same standard as other students, and was ordered to show no signs of being bored during its intended session. SCP-348 did not use its left hand in this work, and is still not considered a student of this form of art.

Only current experiments with the painting of the country grounds, have revealed that SCP-348 is interested in an ongoing composition of visual art.

SCP-348 was recovered on August 18th, 2005, and was found inside a storage locker of a ████████ ███████ ████ ████ ████████ ████ ██ ██ ████ ███████. When ██████ ██████ ██ ██████████ ████████ ████████ ██████████ ██████ ███ˤ███ █