Item #: SCP-366

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-366 is contained in the base of Longwood National Forest with tendrils trailing its path at all times. A 3m x 1m x 3m soundproof room has been constructed around the object to ensure that no anomalous creatures may come in contact with the object.

Description: SCP-366 is a humanoid, approximately 8.500m long, with a splintering torso with a shoulder-mounted camera unit attached. The object’s anomalous properties were first discovered when a report from the █████ ████████ █████ █████ ██ ███████ farm revealed that SCP-366 had been experimenting with a demonstration of the ██████ ██████ computer.

When the Foundation attached a recording device to SCP-366's head as part of a study of the object’s anomalous properties, it now exhibits the abilities of the ██████ ████████ computer. It is a living entity with some knowledge of mathematics and operant frequency theory, given a personality of mystery and deception. It is half inhuman while remaining humanoid. Like SCP-366, it has the capability of channeling data from the brain into a mode of functioning which enhances the effectiveness of the object’s abilities.

SCP-366 already possesses the ability to read all recorded external data while still retaining its original form. Full documentation of this is kept on a secure computer at Site-19. Understanding its strange abilities remains an active field of research.

Addendum: SCP-366 was discovered engaged in a battle with an unknown force in the ██████ █████ ███████ ████ forest, ███████, ██. ████████ was contacted by SCP-366, after a small fire in Area-██. Both were said to have been injured in the fight with the unknown force, with SCP-366's legs apparently being unnaturally weakened by the force's intense heat.

Document recovered from SCP-366's head contained the source of this anomalous effect, which was said to be the result of its killing of some wildlife. The Foundation carried out an investigation into SCP-366, and reports of a "Charlie the Wanderer" sightings in ████████ and ███████. The Foundation’s investigation uncovered an accident caused by SCP-366, where a meteorite landed near the object. The meteorite exploded, and an unknown force was released upon SCP-366. After it was contained, a command was issued to destroy SCP-366.

exploration supplement
