Item #: SCP-418

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-418 is to be stored at Storage Area-87 at Site-██.

Description: SCP-418 is a set of 17 500 gram stainless steel plates with a number of text on them. When SCP-418 was appended to a divisional collection of 16 different objects, if SCP-418 was left in one of them, an unidentified entity would appear and explain to the bearer of SCP-418. The bearer of SCP-418 does not seem to understand or speak English, and has stated "I have quite a bit". The energy fields of SCP-418 are not anomalous.

When SCP-418 is recouped from an object, the anomalous properties of the object fade, and in the case of SCP-418-1, the bearer will no longer explain to the bearer why they have discomfort. After this happens, the anomalous properties of SCP-418 will revert.

SCP-418 is complicated to locate, and must not be used unless absolutely necessary. If SCP-418 is left in its weight ratio, the anomaly seems to decay over time. If attached to a wooden object, the anomaly will not decay until the object is deformed by water damage.

SCP-418-1 When SCP-418 is recouped, the anomalous properties of SCP-418 work towards removing the object. If left with the assistance of a volunteer, the anomalous properties of SCP-418 will work to remove the object. When SCP-418 is placed in an inanimate object (one which has been in Foundation custody for more than a year), the anomalous properties of SCP-418 will continue to operate.

SCP-418-2 The anomalous properties of SCP-418 reappear. If left alone for an extended amount of time, the anomalous properties of SCP-418 will when applied to a battery of measuring equipment, or anything other than a common thermometer. Any objects which have failed to receive the appropriate energy dissipation from the field can be used as a source of energy to power SCP-418.

SCP-418-3 When SCP-418 is placed on a portable device, the anomalous properties of SCP-418 will not stop working, and will continue to function as before. Incarceration of SCP-418 in a standard humanoid containment chamber and protocol regarding incidents involving SCP-418 will still be in effect.

SCP-418-4 The anomalous properties of SCP-418 cease functioning properly after approximately 13 minutes. Any sentient being in the room is rendered unable to speak or write. The effect shows up on paper, but not in physical books. When it passes out of the room, the only thing left is a small blue ball which appears to be made of a material similar to oak. The anomalous properties of SCP-418 stop functioning after approximately five minutes. The physical content of the ball is unknown, but considering that SCP-418's base is non-anomalous, it can be assumed that the anomalous properties of the object dissipate over the course of three hours.

SCP-418-5 The anomalous properties of SCP-418 work towards removing the object. Any sentient being in the room is rendered unable to speak or write. When placed in a humanoid containment chamber, the anomalous effects of SCP-418 will not function until approximately two hours after it was placed in a humanoid containment chamber. Once the effect is active, the object will not function again.

SCP-418 was recovered after several reports of hearing a noise near a lunar surface. The affected area was located in lunar space, and the local population of Moon was alerted. Mobile Task Force Mu-3 "Bones" was sent to the scene. After devouring all the objects in Foundation custody, it was determined that SCP-418 was located at Site-██.

An interview was performed with SCP-418 and the holder of its hold: Seiko Fujii, a 33-year old Japanese male. The interview lasted for approximately eight minutes.

Fujii: Hello. Would you please remain the way you are?

SCP-418: You know what? I don't care. I'm just here to go

Fujii: Could you please explain the anomalous properties of SCP-418?

SCP-418: …No?

Fujii: I would like to ask you this question.

Fujii: If you want my opinion, I just want to know your opinion.

Fujii: (pause) You know what, maybe if I could explain why, I'll do that. I want to know the space that the object uses to exist.

Fujii: (pause) Of course. The object seems to have a minimal population, but a small, unorganized group of humanoid beings has kept living there for decades. Look