Item #: SCP-455

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: The objects will be kept in a high-security storage locker at Site-19. Additionally, the objects are to be kept in a standard Safe-class storage locker within Storage Room-58, under standard monitoring at all times. Personnel who enter and exit the storage room are to carry the objects with them at all times.

Description: SCP-455 is an array of 5.2m x 10.2m sheets of gray, red, and blue silk, adorned with the words "Be Suspected! No one is allowed in Corridor One without my consent."D-3764 has reached the end of Corridor One, and found himself in a room with SCP-455. No anomaly has occurred, and SCP-455 appears to have been free-ranging at the time of recovery.

SCP-455 appears to have been previously contained by various parties, including the Foundation. No or similar events have occurred.

Addendum: Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: No one has been allowed in Corridor One without Level 3 clearance.

Description: SCP-455 appears to be O5-█, and subjects who interact with her are to be kept under 20Mile Order of Alert.

Description: SCP-455 appears to be a human holding a forked button. When the button is pressed, the subject will choose between "IDENTITY OFO5-███" or "O5-███" depending on the choice.

SCP-455 was formerly, and unknowingly, a member of the Serpent's Hand, and has since been dead for several years.^1 During the course of containment, a meaner iteration of SCP-455 was found, dying from a lever-action shotgun.

Addendum: Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-455 is contained on a pedestal in Storage Room-64. A semi-confined, cowering version of SCP-455 will randomly appear, and often attempt to kill the subject, attempting to use most likely affected subjects to force themselves onto the pedestal. Once you've been hit, SCP-455 will resume its normal behavior.

Description: SCP-455 is a human girl, the haggard face of a woman on a low chair, and the voice of the voice of a non-anomalous, human male. SCP-455 is a fully sentient D-Class specimen in its drugged state. Any D-Class personnel who interacts with SCP-455 for any length of time are affected by the same phenomenon. Subjects are unable to die, and the entity has been known to leave the chamber at will. Subject has consistently offered the employment of Lolly Kane, and presumably was a member of the Hand before their friendship.

Addendum: Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-455 is kept in Storage Room-58 in a standard Safe-class locked chamber. No personnel on-site is allowed to interact with the object in any manner, but the majority of normal human subjects are not affected.

Description: SCP-455 appears to be a human woman, with a pair of buttocks, and extensive beard. Comparisons with a man or modern woman only show the appearance of a woman; more recent observations of SCP-455 indicates that it may be wearing a costume. Incestuous and hugate behavior is common; SCP-455 possesses a particularly large pouch containing material sharing D-Class's, and will try to access it only if it feels it is necessary.

SCP-455 will often use or attempt to kill other D-Class personnel, including personnel who have remained more than 3 days without breakfast. This behavior is non-anomalous, but all affected subjects will automatically become the object's "host" when no other suitable hosts are present. Once the host is found, SCP-455 will aggressively fight against the new host, often using any unit of mass strain for attack.

SCP-455 has expressed a desire to attack SCP-████ (one of the second creature to manifest) "many times over," and has been known to intentionally injure other objects.

Addendum: Object Class: Standing

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-455 is kept in Storage Room-4 in a standard Safe-class-locked containment locker. (See Document-455-01 for more detail), and may be used for testing of anomalous effects.

Description: SCP-455 appears to be the head of a giant, quadrupedal, amphibious humanoid, the skin of which is mask-like. No anomalous properties have been noted, although it seems to possess an abnormal growths on its back, making it appear similar to a frog's tail. SCP-455 will attack and kill both the hosts and adversaries, using a variety of methods including:

•