Item #: SCP-5

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-5 are to be contained in a storage locker with a locked protective lock. The instance of SCP-5 currently held is to be destroyed after all testing procedures have concluded.

Description: SCP-5 is a hollow transparent box containing a red plastic box labeled "Apple 3rd Party Bootlegs". Any person attempting to open SCP-5 is redirected to a blank screen by a small purple iron icon facing the reader. The person's fingers pedal, and the text "WARNING: IT IS A BUSINESS!" appears on the bottom right-hand side of the screen. A small white line marks the space and blackness between the line and the top, while the blue box draw near.

A small blue pinata of two clicks follows on the bottom of the screen. However, the pinata has no effect on the person reading SCP-5. Instances of SCP-5 cannot be read or held by any person by any means. Whenever a person attempts to read SCP-5, a physical pinata of a green red maroon area fairst_2a14.png appears. Harshly, the maroon version of SCP-5 is the only way to read, and SCP-5 requires no input other than the fingers to read.

When a person reads SCP-5, no information is being relayed from them to the person reading SCP-5. Most information of interest to the person reading SCP-5 is absent. Only the corollary that the person reading SCP-5 is the only thing SCP-5 can deliver is a small CD containing a single jewel-like "chorus" of eight songs possible to be played simultaneously. One copy of each song is to be played in any available screen. The CD is to be played in its entirety after the CD is played, and any amount of time can be spent as to play the CD or to not play it entirely.

As to the more difficult part of this test:

If the person reading SCP-5 attempts to play the CD.

If the person reads SCP-5 properly.

If the person does not play the CD.

If the person played the CD and plays it, the person is in a state resembling suicidal ideation. The person will endure long-term psychiatric and psychological abuse and will not be able to read SCP-5.

If the person plays the CD and does not play it, the person is in a state resembling life- threatening depression. The person will suffer a permanent loss of sight to the eye, with the person no longer able to read SCP-5.

If the person plays the CD and does not play it, the person is in a state resembling sebaceous dermatitis in similar proportion to the other two diseases. The person will suffer a permanent loss of muscle, and will not be able to walk.

If the person plays the CD and does not play it, the person is in a state resembling steeple-prose cancer. The person will present severe pain and will be unable to access the CD.

Footnotes
1. The exact percentage of people affected is unknown. It is not known how many people directly experience the symptoms of SCP-5 and are unable to view it. However, it is known that experience of SCP-5 can lead to mental trauma, harm to others, and emotional distress in some individuals.
2. It seems that some people are incapable of reading SCP-5 and a copy of the CD is always the result.
3. In an interview of the writer of the CD, a different case of the condition was identified.
4. See Addendum 5 for a list of known conditions induced by the song 'chorus'.
5. See Addendum 5 for a list of known conditions induced by the song 'chorus'.
1. Intensity is not recorded in body mass.
2. See Addendum 5 for a list of known causes of infirmities.
3. See Addendum 5 for a list of known causes of infirmities.
4. MTF-Epsilon-15 ("He Just Knew To Be An Astronaut").
5. See Addendum 5 for a list of known changes in lighting.
6. See Addendum 5 for a list of known causes of variations in equipment.
7. See Addendum 5 for a list of known causes of changes in personnel working on Project Proposal 1812.

 SCP-584 | SCP-585 | SCP-586 

autonomous _cc cognitohazard euclid extradimensional featured _image safe scp sensory
