Item #: SCP-59

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-59 is to be stored in a soundproof containment unit at Site ██, and hidden within a soundproof containment unit at Site ██. During testing, SCP-59 is not to be stored within a soundproof containment unit, and is to be stored in a soundproof containment unit at Site ██. During testing, SCP-59 is to be kept in a soundproof containment unit at Site ██.

If SCP-59 attempts to leave containment unit (or attempt to leave containment unit without the use of an unplugged soundproof containment unit), it is recommended that SCP-59 be de-powered and placed inside a soundproof containment unit, not to be used for testing.

All testing conducted with SCP-59 is to be conducted in a soundproof containment unit. Any testing involving SCP-59 is to be conducted in a soundproof containment unit.

Description: SCP-59 is a green, unusual colored cloth of roughly 2 feet in length, and 1.5 meters in width. No anomalous properties are noted in the ability of SCP-59 to disassemble or interfere with the operations of Foundation personnel. However, SCP-59 behaves as a normal cloth, providing a variety of colors and styles of patterns.

SCP-59 possesses the ability to modify the colors and styles of soft materials in natural fabrics, and in particular, soft fabrics such as vinyl, cotton, and fur. It can also change the material of the fabric, with the same results. This ability is present in some soft fabrics, such as plush fabrics, as well as in soft fabrics such as linen, cotton, and wool.

All soft fabrics, including vinyl and cotton, are to be cleaned daily. Vinyl and cotton are to be treated as a permanent substance, and the only change made to these items, [[class-[]]+]] experimentation, is to be made of leather.

SCP-59 also retains the ability to alter the textures and colors of soft fabrics and fabrics. As of 2002, SCP-59 has been able to do so, with the alterations affecting soft fabrics.

Another ability of SCP-59 is the ability to create phasing patterns, in addition to changing the fabric of fabrics. When SCP-59 is transformed, the colors and styles of the fabric, now called [[base]], will revert to their natural colors and styles.

A further ability of SCP-59 is the ability to identify and list garments made of softer materials. In its previous incarnation, SCP-59 was able to mentally identify clothing colors and styles. However, the entity has since encountered a number of anomalies associated with same-sex sexual practices, and has been assigned part-time linguistics specialist for this function.

Location: Site-██, on SCP-991-██

Containment Procedures: SCP-59 is to be contained in a safe, soundproof containment unit at Site ██. The unit is to remain constantly powered on, and is furnished with a soundproof containment unit in the shape of a pink clock accessible via a small hatch. This unit is to be fitted with two large zoom lenses which allow SCP-59 to be visually identified. When SCP-59 is in containment, its containment unit is to be kept at a level of at least 3.3 in. evenly, with a matching yellow phasing pattern, spelling out " [EXPLETION REDACTED]" and a matching white phasing pattern. These patterns are to be displayed on screens displaying the current color of SCP-59, as well as a list of the colors and styles of SCP-59's unique examples, each with a full description of all changes in available methods of phasing the fabrics.

When SCP-59 is not being used for testing, the unit's door is to be bolted shut until no practical methods of activating SCP-59's effect are possible. If SCP-59 attempts to open its containment unit for testing, it is to be sealed in place, with no accessible opening; provided that SCP-59 does not contain any lifelike patterns, a replica should be kept in a soundproof containment unit, along with the waterproof lightproof medicine cabinet.

Description: SCP-59 is a green, strange colored cloth of roughly 2 feet in length, and 1.5 meters in width. No anomalous properties are noted in the ability of SCP-59 to disassemble or interfere with the operations of Foundation personnel. However, SCP-59 behaves as a normal cloth, providing a variety of colors and styles of patterns.

SCP-59 has no anomalous capabilities when used as a soft fabric. However, it has the ability to affect natural fabrics, such as vinyl or cotton, in certain ways.

Although SCP-59 cannot alter the textures or colors of soft fabrics, it can affect fabrics that are free of detrit