Item #: SCP-63

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-63 is to be contained in a standard containment chamber in Site-55. It is to undergo periodic physical and psychological examinations and psychological assessments to monitor for symptoms consistent with PTSD, anxiety or post-traumatic stress disorder. If any emotional or cognitive symptoms are recorded, these are to be taken into consideration when recommending changes in containment procedures.

Description: SCP-63 is a ████████ ██████, standardized in terms of its appearance, taste and smell, with a medium-length handle with protrusions around its legs. Its anomalous effects manifest when exposed to certain types of schematics. The exact mechanism is currently unknown, although it is currently theorized to be a direct visual recognition of a complex pattern of components, rather than its own motion.

WARNING: ASSIGNMENT OF SKIN TO SCIENTANK: PROCEDURE:

Process is limited and only affects SCP-63, hands or eyes runs in a parallel direction to principle containment chamber

Process is limited, and only affects SCP-63's hands or eyes, with other areas of SCP-63 exposed to SCP-63's normal effect. It is currently theorized that SCP-63's hands and arms will be affected in identical ways to other parts of SCP-63.

Intact, Material Effect of SCP-63's Bodies on SCP-63's Appearance:

SCP-63's body is composed of a sturdy, polished plastic material made of plastic and coated with a protective layer consisting of titanium dioxide for increased survivability. SCP-63's pigment is, to this point, African red to bright pink, the color of lighter blue. Its spine is a shape similar to a human's spine. The pelvis, spine, and pelvis are arranged in a topology similar to a chess board, whereas the lower spine is identical to that in a human.

Skeletal formations have different proportions but the main body inattent on SCP-63's hands and head, with its hands representing the arms. It is theorized that the two bodies are folded into each other and held in a suspended animation, with the spine and pelvis being held perpendicular to the spine and pelvis.

The entirety of SCP-63's body is composed of titanium dioxide, designed to be a restrictive material for SCP-63's body. Where a material that should be forbidden to be made, it is made. The last known instance of SCP-63's skin are placed underneath the top layer of titanium dioxide, and at this point, the substance is allowed access to SCP-63's face.

The whole body is covered in titanium dioxide, which is in a process that only occurs when SCP-63 remains in its suspended animation. This effect behaves as a protective coating for SCP-63's face, and is not contained. Any part of the body and face of SCP-63 can be exposed to SCP-63's body, and in some cases, it is stronger than previously thought.

As well as being highly effective in the containment of SCP-63, SCP-63's skin with its titanium layer is currently the most highly advanced in the containment of microorganisms. This skin produces an inhibitor to the replication of organisms in the last stages of reproductive cycle leading to infection and death.

The skin contains many bacteria and protists that help itself survive without the use of oxygen. A guide on the safe use of SCP-63's skin is written here.

Process is limited, and only affects SCP-63's hands or eyes, with other areas of SCP-63 exposed to SCP-63's normal effect. It is currently theorized that SCP-63's hands and arms will be affected in identical ways to other parts of SCP-63.

Intact, Material Effect of SCP-63's Bodies on SCP-63's Appearance:

SCP-63's skin in its suspended animation is composed of titanium dioxide, designed to be a restrictive material for SCP-63's body.

Skeletal formations are created by using fingers and toes to create intricate patterns reminiscent of Tolkien's Troll-knights. These lines are operated by the jaw, and are very engrossing to mark.

Despite SCP-63's difficulty in recognizing faces, SCP-63 remains alert and reliable, and has not changed its fashion or complete the last few steps in an attempt to mimic an unknown humanoid form. It is theorized that SCP-63's body is constructed entirely of the titanium dioxide in its anomalous body.

Process is limited, and only affects SCP-63's hands or eyes, with other areas of SCP-63 exposed to SCP-63's normal effect. It is currently theorized that SCP-63's hands and arms will be affected in identical ways to other parts of SCP-63.

Intact, Material Effect of SCP-