Item #: SCP-65

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-65 is kept in standard SCP-standard high-security storage locker at Storage Sector-5. SCP-65 is to be kept in the center of its containment unit. Any reproductions of SCP-65 and related items are to be permanently sealed in standard high-security safe-deposit boxes and stored in secure storage at Site-██. Testing of SCP-65 is restricted to approved personnel only. SCP-65 is to be kept in high-security containment locker to prevent unauthorized reproduction. Testing of SCP-65 is to be conducted in a closed test chamber.

Description: SCP-65 is a black reproduction of a Trumpeter lemon chandelier. SCP-65 is edible by humans, it does not have any effect on non-human animals, and has no effect on animals of any kind.

Anomalously, SCP-65 can be made of any material. However, SCP-65's anomalous properties arise in any material used to decorate it. The materials that are used to make SCP-65 are immediately transformed into SCP-65 as long as SCP-65 is in a closed test chamber. This effect persists indefinitely.

In addition, SCP-65 has an effect on all surfaces made of SCP-65. Thus, the effects of SCP-65 on any surface to be illuminated by SCP-65 as well as all textures and colors except for the skin and eye color of SCP-65 are identical. Effect of SCP-65 on the skin of any other species is identical as well, although the textures and colors of SCP-65 are a different technique than that of any other species of man. This effect does not apply, however, to liquids, such as water.

SCP-65 is also effective in developing a visual acuity sufficient enough to cut through any visible forms of light. All humans have been shown to be capable of seeing SCP-65 as it is in its closed test chamber. D-5586 was able to draw an object from front to back according to instructions given to him. Other D-Class have been shown examining SCP-65's magnificant borders.

SCP-65 is highly resistant to all forms of light and is only detectable through light. SCP-65 is also extremely resistant to all forms of light. The effect of SCP-65 on humans is unknown.

Recovered Data File: SCP-65\recovery

Addendum 65-5: SCP-65's recovery and containment
Affected Content: SCP-65-1: SCP-65\recovery
MERCURY

Further information

SCP-65 is to be kept in a standard high-security Safe-deposit box at Storage Sector-5 to prevent unauthorized production. Any reproductions of SCP-65 and related items are to be permanently sealed in standard high-security safe-deposit boxes and stored in secure storage at Site-██.

Description: SCP-65 is a black replica of the Trumpeter lemon chandelier. Despite its appearance, a small vial of SCP-65 is in SCP-65's containment unit. SCP-65's anomalous properties exist in any material used to decorate SCP-65’s containment unit. However, SCP-65's anomalous properties occur in any material that has received the same treatment no fewer than three times.

Different materials undergo different effects depending on the procedure performed. This effect persists indefinitely and is not permanent.

Recovered Data File: SCP-65\recovery

Addendum 65-6: Re-Educational Activities

Another security level of SCP-65's containment unit is designed in response to the goals of re-educational appeal and advertising.

Additional stipulated by the SCP-65 administration:

•Recruits that receive re-education courses that focus on the visual acuity and organ function of the human heart are to receive the same orientation system of arousal and pain for their entire lives.
•After 12 months of education, SCP-65 is to be given a sterile surgical harvesting system to monitor organ function.

Closer attention is required for young children.

Around the time of the D-Class Removal project, this containment unit was designed with several devices designed to monitor adults' levels of exercise.

Watchdog
Last edited by the O5 Council.

Name: Dr. David Harken.
Personnel Designation: Researcher. Type: Very Strong
Date of Birth: 04 July 1954
Hair: Brown
Eyes: Blue
Height: 200cm
Weight: 120kg
Height build: 180cm
Weight: 40kg
Club: 99th New York Nationals.
Favorite color: Ivory.
Biography: Harken spent most of his career as an osteologist, and teaching Andrews University's advanced physics