Item #: SCP-679

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-679's effects come to an end on 04/07/1989. Every one of the objects tested must be destroyed.

Description: SCP-679 is a hilly, difficulty-maintained flat in a ten square meter containment area near Site-██. The flat is the only medium in which the door is open, and the only means of access. The most common method of entrance is by climbing onto the back of SCP-679's dorsum with a forklift, but this method is always fatal. SCP-679 is spacious, a few feet by ten feet, with ten thousand square meters of the room keeping itself as clean as it can be while being able to support only 1,500 kilograms without collapsing, and is quite suitable for containment.

The exact nature of SCP-679's effects is currently under investigation. Rumors of an anomalous, extraterrestrial origin have been known since 1736. However, this was reported over 100 years ago, and the source of the rumors is unknown.

In 1993, a documentary entitled "Vertigo: The Life and Times of Albert Einstein" made an appearance during a containment breach from SCP-679. (The short documentary was based on an interview with SCP-679's creator, Einstein, and was originally intended to depict SCP-679's creation by performing a period-critical analysis of Einstein's birthlaws. The resulting documentary was released to the general public on 16 October of that year.)

It was produced by the Foundation under the false cover of a documentary titled "A Feast of the Immortals" or "The Fingerprints of God."

The film begins with the narrator of the documentary saying a few lines. The first line is easy to understand and thus the film moves on to the next one, which has the keynote explanation of that each line of the documentary is understood by Einstein.

"Science has shown us that there is a life after death."

"Before death, there is still life."

Epilogue:

2. Mental state of decay and decay has to be condemned to death. When understood, this can lead to a sense of immolation.

3. Death is an eternal nothing. It's no longer possible to slice yourself in half. You're going to have to cross your legs through a wall block and then you're dead.

4. The death of the body is a permanent thing. You'll never be able to store that leftover foodstuffs in a fridge, and you'll never be able to do the dishes on a table. There's no room for the soul inside that body.

5. The entire area of space must be filled with death. The effect of this will always be within a meter.

6. God is dead. He's nothing. There's no God after Him.

7. The body is a temple for God. The flesh is His temple. Because of this, the body is His temple, so He demands

8. All death is permanent. You'll never be able to die again.

9. All truths are subordinate to religion. Any truth it contains is a religion.

10. How much of God's true nature are we able to already determine?

11. God: One. He is the first. God descends from the sky. He is at the bottom of the ocean.

12. Instead of a body, the body is a temple for a god. It demands. God demands that it be one.

13. Death is the most beautiful thing God can do.

14. The body is a temple for the body. The body demands it be one.

15. Death is all that God can do. Death demands that it be one.

16. Death is the only method of imposing any reality on God. There is no god at all.

17. Death is the only way to create anything in this world. Death is all that God can create.

18. All of the stars are dead. All of the planets are broken. All of the stars in this universe are dead. All of the stars in the next universe are dead. All of the stars in this universe are dead.

19. All of the planets are dead. All of the stars are dead. All of the stars in this universe are dead. All of the stars in the next universe are dead. All of the stars in this universe are dead. All of the stars in the next universe are dead. All of the stars in this universe are dead. All of the stars in this universe are dead.

20. All of the inhabitants of this universe are dead. All of the people in this universe are dead. All of the people in this universe are dead. All of the people in this universe are dead