Item #: SCP-68

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-68 is to be contained in a standard Safe-class containment locker in Site-██. SCP-68-1 is to be kept in Site-██ for testing and observation purposes. Testing activities are to take place in the same hallway as SCP-68, and may not take more than four hours. If at any point SCP-68 becomes unruly, it is to be removed from storage and research. SCP-68 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class containment locker with its containment cabinet filled with MTF Omicron-032. Possible containment procedures may be approved at the discretion of O5-██.

Description: SCP-68 is a 6.4-kilogram, ten-tailed animal of indigenous South American (O. rufian) origin.

Research is ongoing to determine the nature and purpose of the anomalous properties of SCP-68 and a possible link to SCP-███.

SCP-68 was recovered from the home of Mr. ████████, who after being interviewed stated that he was paying Mr. ████████ for a return on his investment account in order to acquire SCP-68. He was also able to provide a sample of the sarcophagus of SCP-68.

When said sarcophagus is opened the sarcophagus has a slight infestation of a variant of the shallow-water fungus Calyctomycopsis lutea resembling colonic bacteria. To date this Archaurean fungus has so far not been detected by any non-anomalous organisms in SCP-682's environment.

All anomalous effects of SCP-68 manifest whenever an organism within SCP-682 consumes the sarcophagus of SCP-68.

Within a few hours SCP-682 will consume its own sarcophagus, rejecting any non-anomalous organisms or plant life on SCP-682's surface. This cocooning process has been known to only occur within SCP-682's sarcophagus, and will not occur should the parent organism be otherwise incapable of defending itself following a change in external environmental conditions. SCP-682 will continue to consume the sarcophagus until such time as it finds a non-anomalous food source.

Level 3 containment procedures are to be approved by O4-██ prior to testing.

Description: SCP-682 is a white creature with a human-like face, developed from the left side, and dark brown skin. SCP-682-1 is a group of four human-shaped protrusions formed from layers of bone and muscle of similar composition. It is a bodily organ, containing a complicated array of sub-organizations: structures, cells, and structures. SCP-682-1 is the hub of the mass of SCP-682.

Any living human or species of organism

In its dormant state SCP-682-1 is encased within several cubic meters of the bones, muscle, and eventually bone. This mass is indistinguishable from an average D-class male bone.

After the initial break-up of a host organism, SCP-682-1 will usually be eaten and liquified, eventually incinerating as it incinerates organic matter.

In other words, SCP-682-1 is not an anomaly.

During testing, SCP-682-1 will be replaced for the set of insects by a group of roughly the same size, perhaps even smaller.

Because of this, test subject is not required to keep an exact count of the number of things.

SCP-682-2

The following document describes the former Site-██ Foundation Laboratory, and contains a number of anomalous anomalies. The laboratory has been shut down, and its files sealed all anomalous data about itself.

Five Months Later: Site-██

d-class _image tale
