Item #: SCP-708

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-708 is to be contained in a constructed communication room located at Site-38. Testing of SCP-708 is to be handled solely by personnel with Level 4 clearance or higher.

SCP-708 is to be kept in a wooden box, and contained within a locked box at Site-38.

SCP-708 should not be used for commercial purposes.

Description: SCP-708 is a black/white, clear plastic box with a mirror placed on the lid and lid ring. SCP-708 is capable of being opened only by two personnel, the only being being the director of Site-38. Testing has shown that the lid, ring, and lid ring is the most likely source of SCP-708's anomalous properties, and that the glass containment chamber needs not to be used in tests.

When the lid is opened, a blue gas canister of a type known as "White-98" (or "White-99" for short) steps out of the opening. White-99 enters SCP-708 at approximately 6,400m (highest value possible from the chemical composition of white smoke), and the lid, ring, and lid ring is pressed back together.

The gas canister's vapor pressure is approximately 45,500US/litre, and the resulting steam is a volume of approximately 1,700,000 bottles/liter, with gas canister area approx. 500,000 litres. Fluid from the gas canister comprises approximately 50% of the air through which White-99 would pass as part of a combustion reaction.

SCP-708 does not need to be sealed, but is capable of being passed freely through any solid material.

Upon activation, SCP-708 does not produce a vapor, nor does it produce a sound. White-99 is detectable through any non-antimemetic means, as the gas canister is both the trigger and its source of vapor.

One hour after activation, the box is opened again, and a red, yellow, orange, yellow smoke canister of type "Blue-99" is produced. The blue gas canister is directly above SCP-708 and completely within the box. White-99 then vaporizes the blue canister, causing it to induce the same phenomenon as triggered by the blue smoke canister in the previous activation.

It is unknown whether or not the green gas canister produced by SCP-708 was the same one as produced by the blue smoke canister, or if the gas canister produced canister produced by SCP-708 itself. For further information, contact the Director of Site-38, for firearms training, or the Site-38 deactivation team for training.

Physical contact with the blue smoke canister does NOT release White-99, and will not do it instantly.

SCP-708 was sealed by the Director of Site-38 and was automatically moved to its current location.

Addendum: The blue-99 canister was fenced off between cleanup personnel and the incinerator, before being destroyed.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was discovered and fenced off, and is the only object on record that could not be contained. The blue smoke canister was defused and returned to containment.

Addendum: A blue smoke canister was recovered from the former containment site. Preliminary analysis revealed that the blue smoke canister was made of flame, and that the source of the flame was the blue smoke canister produced in the lab.

Addendum: White-99 was found in the incinerator when Site-38 was abandoned for maintenance.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in Site-38. Preliminary analysis showed that the blue smoke canister was made of white smoke. Further investigation revealed that the purple smoke canister was made of lava.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was recovered from some unknown source on Site-38, of unknown provenance.

Addendum: Foundation agents were unable to locate the vial containing green smoke.

Addendum: Green smoke canister was found in a back room of the incinerator.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in the incinerator.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in a storage room of Site-38.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in a parking lot of Site-38.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in a kitchen; the blue smoke canister was removed by the auditors of Site-38.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in a storage room of Site-38. Investigations into the management of the incinerator from then on were left to the psychologists.

Addendum: Blue smoke canister was found in a site garage, containing a black and white, transparent black