Item #: SCP-723

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-723 is to be contained in a dimly lit cell in Site-41. All to prevent the loss of personnel which could cause a PRB event. Any personnel who see SCP-723 must report immediately to a nearby secure room. A cover story is to be made of SCP-723's death and cleaned up in a safe-class manner. In the event of SCP-723 being unable to be recovered from a PRB event, all personnel are to move in the direction of the nearest secure facility, and report that their current position is within a minute's notice.

General Information: SCP-723 belongs to two distinct entities.

SCP-723 refers to a young female in an unknown number of countries, known as a PRB. The PRB is ostensibly unaware of contact with the humans who are its people.

SCP-723 gets along with its relatives well. The PRB does not suffer any kind of physical damage, and will not attack its human subjects.

The anartist on the cover is a man of unknown rank, but is depicted holding the PRB by its throat. The cover measures 3.75m by 1.75m.

Addendum ██ - Select for the purposes of Preparation and the physical damage it can cause.

Prolonged exposure to SCP-723's cover reveals that the PRB is in fact a living entity. Recognition of the PRB's appearance has been noticable to the anartist, but all attempts to locate it have been met with failure.

RECOMMENDATIONS:

I'm going to be honest. It's not like I'm gonna be killed by that. I don't know where it going to go. All this time, I'd think the PRB's a containment breach.

I could see that it's a containment breach. The PRB is exactly what is happening to the Foundation. I'm just sickened by it so I don't leave it to go to waste. I should be doing something about it.

I'll vote against the Site-41 Special Containment Procedure.

[RECORDERS SIDED AT MULTIVERSAL DESK]

[SCREEN REVEALS VOID OF SCREEN]

Interviewed: SCP-723

Interviewer: Agent McKay

Foreword: The following interview is recorded on ████-█-████.

Agent McKay: I know this is disturbing.

SCP-723: No.

Agent McKay: I know you haven't told us why we are here.

SCP-723: I'd be lying if I said it didn't sound…

Agent McKay: Hell, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it was so disturbing.

SCP-723: It's not like we're scientists, after all. We're just a bunch of bugs.

Agent McKay: We're humans, too, aren't we?

SCP-723: It's you.

Agent McKay: What?

SCP-723: I know you're here, McKay. Not us.

Agent McKay: Apologies? Please, give me an explanation.

SCP-723: It's a good thing we can talk to each other. How do you know?

Agent McKay: We're a bug's people, SCP. We killed humans already.

SCP-723: Anyway, I'm just a bug, too. I don't have one here.

Agent McKay: Am I mistaking you for a scientist?

SCP-723: No, you're wrong. I'm not a scientist.

Agent McKay: I said, are you just a bug?

SCP-723: You're a bug. That's what you are.

Agent McKay: So who are you?

SCP-723: You can't tell the fuckers who I am by me committing an anomalous act.

[DATA EXPUNGED]

NOTICE FROM THE OFFICIAL O5 COUNCIL ONE

The following is a transcript from an interview with SCP-723.

Operator Number: 0

Interviewer: Agent McKay

Foreword: The following is a transcript of a routine visit to SCP-723 with Agent McKay, using a handheld recorder. The subject appeared to be in a thick fog oozing with dangerous parasites.

Agent McKay: First, can you tell me how you got here?

Dr. I. R.: Hello? Dr. R.: Hi there, nurse. Can you tell you where we are?

Agent McKay: Sorry, I don't know.