Item #: SCP-742

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-742 is to be stored in a standard Fact-Resistant Containment Secrecy Unit, with security cameras covering the walls. SCP-742 is to be monitored every two hours by a member of research staff at Site-129. Any changes in SCP-742's behaviour or behavior are to be reported immediately and documented.

Description: SCP-742 is a large metallic contraption. The upper chamber, designated SCP-742-1, is the same size as SCP-742's main body. The second chamber, designated SCP-742-2, is filled with a liquid magnesium carbonate. SCP-742-2 acts as a heat source, and SCP-742-1 and -2 are closed off from each other in order to prevent the substance to escape. Anything placed in either chamber from entering SCP-742-2 will be instantly incinerated. The intake and exhaust of air from either chamber is replaced by the voice of the voice of the voice inside the chamber from which it was removed.

Those of interest are capable of speech. In addition to human speech (which is understandable from the outset), various other animals, plants, microbes, and other lifeforms have been recorded.

SCP-742 was recovered in the 20th century, and was claimed to be constructed sometime prior, sometime sometime between the 21st and 23rd centuries BCE. However, examination of SCP-742's design during the early 20th century showed that the upper chamber was already filled with magnesium carbonate, and the lower chamber itself was empty, containing no iron other than its contents. The only signs of human communications were a variety of combined letters and sounds, all of which have been recovered.

The first recorded accounts of SCP-742's existence date to the early 19th century, after an artifact of strangely similar construction was recovered from a small town near Pister, France. This artifact was dated to the Iron Age, though had not yet been fully catalogued, and the item had yet to be identified as a 'Pottery Ware'. At the time of the recovery, there were no doubts about the nature of the artifact.

The earliest documented description of SCP-742 is found in SCP-742-1. The original artifact was found in a small village approximately three miles from the city of Fairlane, and belonged to a farmer. It was equipped with a large familiarised iron pot, with a strange metallic metal modality. It had developed a complicated elaborate china pattern, and was constructed of an unknown alloy and chemical composition, resembling sponge. The stone supporting the pot was formed of a similarly solid alloy, and the chamber was constructed from stone chalcedony.

Through analysis of the clay fillings in both chambers revealed the presence of a substance similar to magnesium carbonate. However, once applied to SCP-742, it inflated, producing a loud noise and produced significant amounts of heat, apparently in excess of that produced by the processing of the 'Pottery Ware'.^1 SCP-742-1 was incinerated and the contents were burned. The object itself was destroyed via a specially made cutting torch.

The 'Pottery Ware' was labeled as 'Gold Ingot' and 'Ritualium', and was immediately dedicated to the Dead.^2 An inscription in French was carved upon the bottom.

"From West, we have found Faith. From East, we have found Knowledge. From Thumb, we have found Grace. From Corner, we have found Death."^3

In 20██, the following inscription was discovered on a small piece of an inscribed stone tip, known as SCP-742-3.

"Half of canna-ble-ly Beste deedes that are good to the dead hath been done to you. Half of canna-ble-ly Beste deedes that are good to the living hath been done to you."

When SCP-742 was brought into the Foundation custody, the inscription was found to be completely genuine and to date to the same period as the inscription. The following section contains additional excerpts from the text.

A-1:

"Staring through a day by a bright, clear day. A thousand times less everlasting by a clearer sky than the sun.

A-2:
"Half of canna-ble-ly Beste deedes that are good to the dead hath been done to you.

A-3:
"Half of canna-ble-ly Beste deedes that are good to the dead hath been done to you.

A-4:
"Half of canna-ble-ly Beste deedes that are good to the dead hath been done to you.

Subjects speaking or writing this passage have been designated