Item #: SCP-766

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-766 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment unit. At all times, a Foundation base is to operate a station stationed at a set of coordinates bearing the coordinates of SCP-766. No other locations are to be accessed. At all times, SCP-766 is to be returned to its original position. SCP-766 is not to be exposed to the environment, either in its immediate area or within Foundation sub-containment.

Description: SCP-766 is a humanoid entity of indeterminate physical make. Results of testing indicate that SCP-766 was intended to be a middle-aged man with dense, dark skin and dark hair. During the one month period in which it has resided in the Foundation's topographical database, SCP-766 has not possessed any artificial augmentations, except for a notebook used to hold documents, relevant to its line of work. An inscription on the notebook indicates that it was created by Dr. Keith Low, (Assistant Director of the Foundation's Topographical Division) during his assignment as Senior Researcher.

SCP-766 was originally found in a California night known as The Fairground, where it had been being played by a woman named Rose Jones. By the time it was contained, SCP-766 had become a minor figure, but was still considered a threat to containment. Research into its origins is ongoing.

Addendum 766A: Dr. Low, who was assistant director of the Foundation's Topographical Division, died on 02/08/1993 during an automobile accident. He had placed several notes in his home at Site-18. The notes indicated that the man behind the lips of SCP-766 was a middle-aged man. The New Jersey State Bureau of Investigation

Addendum 766B: Dr. Scott Allen was recruited in late 1997 to serve as SCP-766's handler. Dr. Allen had been Director of Containment at Site-17. He had been a full Director when the Foundation was formed, and had been Director of Containment for seven years. He had been Director for five years, and had been Director for 22 of those and seven months. Dr. Allen was the only Director of Containment to have been under either the option of retirement, or being transferred.

Dr. Allen was attached to SCP-766 after the Foundation learned of a large number of "failed" containment breaches during his tenure as Director. He was the only Director to avoid a containment breach during his tenure as Director, and had been as High-Q the entire time he was under the "alternate number" John "Doc" Low, as Director of Containment.

Addendum 766C: Prior to Exchange 17, when SCP-766 was being contained, SCP-766 was a captured rogue breeder of SCP-223. SCP-766 was to be contained at Site-17 in a standard humanoid SCP-766 containment unit. Dr. Low recalled to Dr. Low that in the previous instance, Dr. Low had been "directing the Foundation's resource department." However, Dr. Low had never intended to get rid of him. In fact, Dr. Low had been the one to convince the O5 Council to hire Dr. Allen.

Memo 766-2: In short order, we have agreed to a transfer program. Dr. Low will be assigned to the duty of SCP-766, and will be entirely responsible for its own containment. We have agreed to transfer Dr. Low to the location nearest to Site-17. As of 26/08/1990, Dr. Low has agreed to be emotionally attached to the entity coming into his presence, and we have agreed to him leaving the facility. Dr. Low has also agreed to be emotionally attached to Rose Jones, and is to be allowed any amount of free socialization time.

In short order, we have agreed to a transfer program. Dr. Low will be assigned to the duty of SCP-766, and will be entirely responsible for its own containment. We have agreed to transfer Dr. Low to the location nearest to Site-17. As of 26/08/1990, Dr Low has agreed to be emotionally attached to SCP-766, and is to be allowed any amount of free socialization time.

Addendum 766-3:

In a second attempt to track Dr. Low, a Class-F Aislegnia-7 intelligence Analyst was hired to track Dr. Low. The Analyst was given clearance level 3, but was not specifically trained in the field of anomalous objects, documents, or anomalies.

The Analyst was employed as Agent James Quarley, a Level 3 operative for four years. He was the only Level 3 operative assigned to SCP-███.

It has been reasonably discovered that Dr