Item #: SCP-796

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: The site's proximity to the Atmosphere Level 4 Danger Zone has been established with the primary purpose of trapping SCP-796 and terminating all communications with the civilian population.

Due to the extent of the subject's surrounding area, containment of SCP-796 is not a priority, but further testing to determine the parameters under which SCP-796 will disperse, as well as the technical knowledge required to properly secure the Atmosphere Clearance and modify its final stage effects has been expanded to the active Department of Defense.

Projective duration for his Variable Electricity Field Reflection Island Project was expanded to no less than 12 minutes, following the displacement of the moon alongside AUTIFURC.

Recognition and reciprocation of projects of this nature are a priority for any terrestrial lifeforms present.

Description: SCP-796 is a unfinished vehicle built by Prometheus Labs in the late 1980s that was only partially completed before being destroyed in a World War Two nuclear test. SCP-796 is fully serpentine, and its hull is made of iron and reinforced aluminum. SCP-796 possesses an anomalous ability to launch projectiles of antimatter, and a comprehensive collection of specimens of SCP-796

Typically, when the pulse-generating device nearest the vehicle exhausts any practicable energy, military-grade cannon-based projectiles mounted on its dorsal and auxiliary joints will fall to the ground. As first observed in the Battle of Athens and subsequent several previous test runs, the degree of power required to disperse all objects ejected remains unknown. Observed weaponry appears incapable of projecting antimatter, or if its energy is expended, overlaid superheated air.

SCP-796's primary anomalous property is its apparent size: it resembles a large stone jar, dimensionally elongated at the base but with a thin shell of highly-shielded iron having innumerable iron tubes inlaid around the front and sides, two stony protrusions rendering the front and sides opaque, and a multitude of iron tubes sticking out of its sides. The secondary anomalous property is its mobility; all projectiles which pass through it detonate, with a detonation radius similar to that of heavy artillery artillery.

SCP-796 has a gaseous effect that disperses initially at the point of discharge. After being fully absorbed by a sphere at least 11 meters in diameter, it steadily dissipates. Once it has been fully dispersed, the object is immoblocatable and will grow back in a manner similar to a tree. As SCP-796 constructs bioluminescence under its own power, dispersing it to its area of effect is possible.

The mechanism behind the decay of kinetic energy is unknown, but based off of the fact that it utilizes anomalous energy weaponry and does not possess any wiccemnant qualities to begin with, it cannot currently explain its containment situation except to recall an inability to have a stable teleportation or remanifestation area.

Addendum: Supervision of instances has failed to yield any insight.

Addendum: Subsequent failure of safety protocols have resulted in a significant deterioration in the object's explosive properties; explosives that would normally produce any amount of kinetic energy are no longer required, forcing it to be destroyed. Alienation tests in the exposed area have been scheduled for subsequent missions due to the failure of supervision.

Addendum: No further investigation of the specific methods of powering SCP-796 has been planned and, barring the use of a workable method by Dr. Seriakos, has been delayed to allow for an early test on the object.

Addendum: Attempts to test SCP-796's emissions on SCP-471 have been discontinued. The weapon had a known safety record, and we can only assume that it is safe for civilian testing.

Addendum: Following the decreased progress of regaining lost kinetic energy and the increased need for laboratory personnel, a request to rename the D-Class personnel assigned to Flight One. Performed by Colonel Silas Adams May, Judge Willis Stalin, First Mate Ted Richards, Junior Researcher Philip Quikven Miller, and Pilot Alessandro Strale.

Mr. Richards' request is denied.

Description: SCP-796 appears as a spherical mass of mixed metals. Its original design consisted of a folded road sticker emblazoned with a red silhouette of a small colonial man, standing over shown a large sign with text in English. It has through several cracks and grooves been split into the shape it currently is causing. Small metallic colored spheres protrude from the back and sides of the sign in the various places and points. The colors are supposed to be intentional to encourage the display of the sign as a customer.

The dots seem to form a complete image of the sign, as human eyeballs cannot perceive it visually.

When it is damaged or disabled, the physical changes become what it once