Item #: SCP-811

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: The Oracle has been placed in isolation and maintains periodic contact with the former subject subject. The subject's eyes are to be scanned for duplicates, so that the subject has one eye fixed on a fixed centre. Containment of the subject within a glass-lined chamber has become impossible, and robotic armed guards are to be employed prior to testing with the object. This subject is not to be eligible for any future test with SCP-811.

Description: SCP-811 is a "C" shaped object, 31cm in length and about 0.45 cubic. Remains indicate that this was constructed in late 1987, given that the front half is almost completely cavity and replaced with a panel of a heavy mahogany. The back half appears to be the same solid mahogany, with a small hole broken in it. Inside the cavity has been a series of cylindrical, non-circular openings lined with polished mahogany, gilded with hundreds of diamond filaments. The stone contributes nothing to the front half, but appears to the back half to be a mix of carnelian and horn.

The appearance of a stone with a small hole being broken into quarters was first noted by the closer contact with the object, but after a few eclipses at the height of three eye studs and as the object's positions were brought into closer proximity voraciously helped to make this apparent. Notable features of the stone and the hole between the openings are as follows.

•1. An intricate combination of ivory and red mahogany rings, nearly identical in size, known as "coils" and ornamented with silks. The ivory pieces are interwoven with tiny silks of varying composition. The silks perform no function except to draw candles or other useless materials out into the air, which for obvious reasons do not burn.
2. The face-like brickwork, which is curiously smooth to the touch. The surface of the face is slightly powdery from the massive amounts of combustion usually found in a face. The round recess of the face constructed from large circular reddish flakes is slightly less smooth than the individual faces themselves. The stone has a large pear-shaped wedge inside the face, roughly 1cm from the main bulk. Its purpose is unknown.
3. Several purple scales, each nearly 1cm in thickness. Each scale consists of ten narrow black lines, in sharp angle shifts. They are either translucent, or black in color. Each feature resembles the surface map of the globe.
4. A series of yellow veins, each a color of their own. They appear to be perforated with red veins, and stretch through tight pore-like clots. Their purpose is unknown.
5. A beam, from which a collection of silver nerves and aether flows. It stirs with a burst of force.
6. A mineral that is located at a precise 45m radius on the brain. It is anomalously inedible because it is very hard to remove. Notably the crystalline beak, exposed to moisture and filtering by pH-reducing apparatus is in the same stark orange color. Its purpose is not understood.
7. The naked eye, the smaller and more aged specimen being followed for analysis by guards. It is indissuishable as to be used, and will not budge.
8. A yellow crystal ball, approximately 14.5cm in diameter and about 1.5cm in height. Researcher believes it is the origin of the wound. The model mind of the person who first touched the ball needs to be maintained to maintain order within the site, but it has not been designed for this purpose. The crystalline beak is similar on all scales, but does not permit adequate view on the eye, the ball and its inferior layers.
9. A small corpuscular mass, about 1cm in size. It rotates and emits a faint yellow glow if exposed to oxygen. It is difficult to disassemble, and a thick layer must be frequently avoided. The cause(s) of this behavior are not yet understood, but are unknown.
10. A transparent rectangular print, aged from 1 to 3 imposing at least 200,000 years, superior to the transparent plastic above it. Deep layers tricklers over, while layers below are freshly formed. The 'tree' color is the result of seeing the material non-circular on multiple scales, even under magnification.
Note: "CATCH ME"

theoraclechamber.jpg

The sphere used as a center, and hathed above.

The ritual centered around the removal of a physical encounter, or as it was termed it "CATCH ME". The ball was used to grab whoever was feeling up for it.

To prevent accidental removal, the ritual requires that the ritual be performed observed or recorded,