Item #: SCP-823

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: The location is to be sealed and tracked down. To minimize the possibility of civilian access to the location, Foundation personnel are to discourage extranormal activity in the area. Further information can be found in the Addendum.

Portions of SCP-823-1 are to be completely buried. As per the previous containment procedures, personnel are not to enter the buried portion of the site unless authorized by O5 Command to do so. Immediately following an excavation is to be a routine biweekly military survey of the location. None of the surveys are to be unnecessary.

Following retrieval of a complete excavation of within the first battalion of Marines by the Foundation team consisting of Foundation personnel, additional sectionals (five to six) of SCP-823-1 will be moved to a designated location and all one-way access to the area is to be stopped.

Description: Between November of 1858 and February of 1859, a series of bombing campaigns were carried out by multiple organizations in the Battle of Shanghai, China, surrounding several locations with the goal of creating a Communist paradise in China. These commander-based terrorist operations (concurrently multiple different groups of interest) were used to carry out a propaganda campaign brought forth by various political parties. Local military officials at the time described the strikes as a New Deal–style enterprise to capitalize on the new opportunities the private sector had created in China.

The thorough cleaning up of the affected areas (which consisted in large part of the majority of private sources for everything from medicine to infrastructure) are known to have taken approximately forty years, though had been effective under the leadership of General Zhao of the Chinese People's Liberation Army. The organization responsible for these operations and/or personnel was aptly named the "General Bureau" or "Great Covert Ops Bank", being run by Changsha Province or the General Bureau of Special Security Operations.

While the contributions from various political factions to this organization were minimal (and were often deliberately omitted to pass the time), the operation was successful. Despite the organization's lack of organization and massive funneled expenditures (according to local documentation, the average monthly budget was less than 2% of the federal budget), the General Bureau was capable of keeping the organization in operation on an a semi-annual basis and extending its control through various local governmental agencies.

It is currently believed that General Zhao intended for the General Bureau to be sole authority in the China-Taiwan Economic Corridor. Unfortunately, despite passing over 9 million dollars for this purpose, General Zhao had extricated his organization from the country's government and remained rather private regarding its activities. The general general location of General Zhao and his office are currently unknown.

Current speculation claims that General Zhao was assassinated by individuals from within. The organization was reported killed on December 1st, 1858 in Barreguaan Province, although sources on the local government deny any participation in the General Bureau's operation.

Pending an investigation, the General Bureau of Special Security Operations was briefly considered as a separate organization. Preliminary material sources responsible for and self-reported to the secretive secretariat had come into possession of O5 Command, following a report from multiple sources stating that the CEO had gone missing. This group, characteristically, did not take a position in the organization but rather approved Foundation operations behind the scenes.

If any of the aforementioned sources were to be true, General Zhao was certainly involved in the following operations:

•Rescue of Sun Yatabuan, which was successfully carried out without incident.
•Operation Hades, which was partially successful, according to eyewitness accounts and testimony. While the investigation continues into what the true perpetrators are of Hades and Hades, it is believed that General Zhao had ordered for Sun Yatabuan to draft an official biography to be distributed to the general population. However, pocketbook corruption in the Overseer Council vote prevented further implementation of the plan.
•Operation Zig-Zag Eight, which was also successful, meeting with limited success. General Zhao instructed the team for a combination (and eventually breaking rank), to find out what happened with the Overseer Council, as well as find or infiltrate the Overseer Council office. This was led by one officer, Wei Tang, who claimed that General Zhao had put a stop to the plan for the Overseer council's representative.
•Operation Hades,'),' which was also failed. General Zhao attempted to contact numerous other committees and organizations, by any means and as much as was possible, in order to help the Overseer Council draft a plan for the Overseer Council on a singular goal. They were met with resistance from outside groups, but eventually the Overseer Council was able to scuttle General Zhao's plans and agreed to the privatization of some of his plans. However, General Zhao's presence was not without its downsides. Due to the General Bureau's hardline approach (which was