Item #: SCP-843

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: At present, containment of SCP-843-1 is too much of a risk, and should be done solely on a volunteer basis. Despite the risk, SCP-843-2 is a valuable member of the military, and should be kept on at least an intermittent basis just in case. Interviews should be performed biweekly by psychiatrists so as to verify the subject's mental state good or bad. Once every two years, a household—possibly the subject's small children—takes care to ensure that SCP-843-2 has special permission to re-enter Site-81. In the case of a breach of containment that is unimaginable to anyone (no wonder Project Theos becomes the institute of choice!), then Project Theos is to be used to normalize return and mitigate any damage.

Recovery: ADVERTISEMENT

Site-81 - Airborne Processing Facility

Description: Site-81 Airborne Processing Facility is the primary containment area of SCP-843. Operating under the administrative jurisdiction of the SCP Foundation, this facility provides a rural area with near-perfect sanitation that is regularly attended by numerous personnel. Prior to its construction in 1969, the facility was known as SHAPE hohmann's Creek Field, due to its location. The center of this facility is a biweekly facility, dedicated to personnel who are constantly involved in the field and are willing to assist in taking care of Site-81. This includes constructing screen-houses for the SCP Foundation in case of major emergencies, cleansing construction sites for the new facility, and conserving fires.

Roles taken from within: Senior Researcher Raul E. █████ █████; Senior Testing Engineer Thane J. █████; Senior Containment Specialist Dr. Henry Treadway

Site-81 was built in 1970 by a combination of a combination of US and German entrepreneurs, cementing its architecture, construction, and construction management. It seems that, despite the only structural materials available, this facility's construction is the most up-to-date.

Despite claiming to remain "underground," additional Local Offices are located all over the site's areas, mostly in the fields and through a means of commercial undertakings. However, for the most part the facilities are in disrepair and in a worse condition than those of the facility itself.

Share

Team Name: Thelon Archibald
Team Member Name: Dr. Allon
Team Member Name: Mister Brother
Team Member Name: Japhet Lewis
Team Member Name: Mr. Crafter
Team Member Name: Corpse of Jupiter
Team Member Name: Just a Fucking Name
Team Member Name: Space Professor
Team Member Name: Midnight "Prayers" Smith
Team Member Name: Autumn Sunshine
Team Member Name: Center Novas
Team Member Name: Dreaming of the Dead
Team Member Name: Space Deer
Team Member Name: Zero to One
Team Member Name: Station Manager
Team Member Name: Agent Wilson's Copse
Team Member Name: Bucky Crime
Team Member Name: D-117
Team Member Name: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Team Member Name: Legendary Ellipse
Team Member Name: Magical Parade
Team Member Name: There's A Riot In Town
Team Member Name: I Don't Get It, I Functioned Before
Team Member Name: Spawn​
Team Member Name: Moonbeam
Team Member Name: Pack Rabbit
Team Member Name: Reclamation Patrol
Team Member Name: Ominous Stars
Team Member Name: Circus of the Disquieting
Team Member Name: Woman's Best Friend
Team Member Name: S & C Plastics
Team Member Name: There's a Cosmic Cat
Team Member Name: Elliptical
Team Member Name: Mister Close