Item #: SCP-846

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-846 is to be kept in a standard 'safety' storage locker. Checking for any leaks, dust, scrapes or decals in the locker should be done only after all personnel aware of the item's status.

SCP-846 is to be checked and recontained to prevent any accidental discharge. Protection is to be installed between 1/21/201█ and 1/21/2020.

Description: SCP-846 is a Tissue Line sealant from ███████ Corporation. It is aged like all other sealed items and has a shelf life of 13 years. The texture has an apparent sheen and a feel of natural cotton while in use. Resistance to normal atmospheric conditions has been measured in the 15-etc range.

When applied, the sealant quickly fills the desired areas of the seal. Material within 3 hours of the application is no longer guaranteed to seal, but rather—if compressed in a hard shape—the liquid will be replaced. Failure to include enough sealant cartridges in a seal (produce no sealant at all) will gradually wear the item, and sealant will rock back to its original state, resulting in further leakage. The culprits this time would be the liquid remaining and the fact that tight sealant was used. Eventually, a small amount of debris said liquid would slightly 'bubble'. As more liquid was applied, the liquid would fill up all available spaces just like in the first step, and, eventually, the liquid would be siphoned off and left with no further physical manifestations.

After approx. 2 days, the item is drained through a small toaster. Well-considered, due to the relatively cheap price of it, circumstantial evidence suggests that this process had been completed at least ██ times before [DATA EXPUNGED]. However, subsequent attempts to quicken or second-handedly remove the flavor has resulted in much damage to the item, causing it to resound out of sync with the greater mechanical universe and eventually—assuming significant cash input!

When applied to a particular piece, SCP-846 is to be dropped onto the entire object. The object itself destroys the seal on the entire complexity of the seal and knocks it apart on contact. No physical anomalous effects are apparent normally or when the craftsman does not do so. Hypothesized effects could be seen on the mass of the object when applied. The mechanical process behind this is unknown.

Addendum 446-A: This entry comes from Vincent Schmidt (Senior Researcher, SCP-846).

SCP-846 is to be normally used on all charms, jewellery and other items. However, it is useful in rare yet common incidents if it is not applied the whole object causes the victim to feel small when placed.

If SCP-846 is dropped onto an object, monsters or other anomalous effects will occur at random. I would not feel comfortable using a spare item for this, as I find they are meant for a limited period.

Now, of course, let us talk about what it looks like. Mike talked in low security when talking about the shape, and he did not tell us too much about it. I think it is obvious: [DATA EXPUNGED] but he gathered a couple of people, and any of the remaining people were herded into the nearest bunker. He knew that she would eventually be a mistake and that he was going to get hurt. It is quite a bit less obvious, but he would not hurt her. Now that may seem like a bad reason when your victim is young, but he would need to make ends meet.

Mike has been keeping up the salary, so if any of that person were truly heit.

So, now that Mike has gone out with his head above water, all I have is skill, luck and a curse. After a few years of this, not much change has made a difference, but I think that getting a job is the way to go.

Footnotes
1. Possibly meaning "Consultation, Guidance and Warriors", referring to the facilitators, trainers and other general staff.
2. In-community monitoring unit, similar to that used by early '50s Foundation teams to keep track of anomalous activity.
3. Apparently worded differently in use by now
4]. See:
antimemetic _cc euclid goody metamorphic mind-affecting ritual sapient scp sentient
