Item #: SCP-872

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers have monitored the web for attempts to start a conversation with SCP-872 using real-time trend analysis, directed towards an individual's favourite manga page. The main event is to be interrupted at least once per week by a sound the author has chosen. Thus far three prominent anime writers have been involuntary targets due to potential tendency towards paying attention to their page's popularity on the web itself, as well as the unprecedented and somewhat high turnover rate of their articles' pages (currently over ███%). Agents who take part in the operation are to abide by these procedures.

Due to the high rate of occurrences of SCP-2297, the baptismal crusade is to concentrate all efforts towards wiping out the article. This is a particularly dubious class of danger, as many sub-uraries will provide reliable ways of countering their effect. For example it is possible to use public servers to filter articles depicting K/Caruso, which has been proved effective in reducing the likelihood of leakage. This has been of paramount importance to the human male.

Professionals can be targeted for use in infiltration or covert operation of foreign anarchist websites. These countries are to be considered potential breeding grounds for additional population of anomalous individuals; this is because their governments are not friendly towards their Western counterparts.

As well, SCPs on the US internet are to be ISI-approved for infiltration and covert operations. Palestine-based members of the al-Aqsa Brigade are to be immediately used as source material.

Paperwork (aka The Net and All The Other Stuff)

1. The canonical site of the article
2. The method of introducing the article
3. Active participants in the article's original forum (ubiquitous or reddit-based)
4. Active participants in the original forum (author)
5. Historical distinctivity (i.e. Japanese whitewashing of SCP-2297 events or the popularity of the article in the forum)
6. An ongoing development of the SCP-2297 event(s)
7. An ongoing thread in the original forum (i.e. January 2014)
8. An ongoing development for an anime series.
9. Thread in the original forum
10. Thread in the original forum
11. Thread in the current forum
12. Template which carried the article's content.
13. Organizational record of the site (i.e. Wiki%20staff).
14. Imaging system used for tracking updates to the author's authored page.
15. An antagonist: Any article which passively causes SCP-2297 events
16. An item detailing the origin of the article.
17. An author page, middle of an SCP-2297 event.
18. A description of the SCP-2297 event(s).
19. An acknowledgement of a long-standing AI oppositional philosophy
20. The methodology for staging an instance of SCP-2297 events.
21. An attempt to challenge the author's legitimacy as a person.
22. An attempt to nullify the mechanisms created by the anomalous social well-being of the subject.
23. An attempt to play upon the author's ego.

Paperwork (aka contributions from unknown members)

1. Paperwork whatsoever contributed/anticipated by the author
2. The "small part of the encyclopedia" (i.e. various books, articles, videos, and so on)

Paperwork (aka edits from unknown readers)

1. Paperwork whatsoever contributed/anticipated by a reader
2. The "large part of the encyclopedia" (i.e. various articles, videos, and so on)
3. Whether or not the entire forum is user-contributed
4. As mentioned above, as attested by various threads in the forums of the original forum
5. Whether or not a thread article is generally appreciated community members would have already noted.

Paperwork (aka Steamholfields: little meetings)

1. Paperwork whatsoever contributed/anticipated by an anonymous user
2. The "main events" of the article

Paperwork (aka admin duties).

1. A "professional" member of a community which takes a keen interest in their articles. A person whose sole purpose is simply to verify the above mentioned mechanism of the article being thoroughly analyzed and checked.
2. On occasion, an active troll (i.e. the Administrator, however the latter is not canonically called)
3. Empirical method of determining whether or not the article is legitimate to the website's personalities. An effective means of taking a quick and short interest into consideration

 SCP-2296 | the-lbsthemoonz 

_all-the-others tale
