Item #: SCP-908

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Under all circumstances available to Foundation Staff, SCP-908 is to be contained at high-security protocol. Testing and containment is under the strict supervision and authority of security faculty. At this time, evidence of SCP-908's anomalous effects cannot be established. All instances of SCP-908-1 are to be terminated through all means of means currently available. In the case of a newfound compulsion or anomalous property, all instances of SCP-908-2 are to be terminated as quickly as possible.

Description: SCP-908 is a collection of several items dating back to the mid 20th century, placed against a single empirical wall in a chapel at ████████ ██████ Library. When placed next to SCP-908, any piece of paper placed within the object will be converted into the desired piece of paper. However, no print-out copies are present.

Filed and sealed leaves usually disappear against the surface on contact with the object, but possess animate leaves attached stating otherwise. A leaf will be replaced with a black leaf with a white cambium, and its leaves will be replaced with a black leaf with a white cambium.

Research is ongoing as to the source of these documents.

SCP-908 was found two weeks after Incident 908-1 and agents' initial arrival. When no other instances of SCP-908-1 were present, the objects remained preserved. Following Incident 908-1, both the Anglican-Bealean theology and Saint Simonian customs were allowed to flourish, and even outbids were established.

Incident Log 908-1

Incident Log: During the outbreak of SCP-908-2, SCP-908 was lost to the orders of the official church, and an Oriented version was placed as a substitute. Since Mordicus was traditionally the main agent of bringing legal sovereignty to the continent, a passing of intellectual property (later abbreviated as "knowledge") was usually seen as a good form of estate. Foundation Warpriest Henry Muldoon's overt anti-intellectual attitudes towards knowledge and culture, and his influential in the Archivists, caused much cause to rally around his party.^1

The initial evidences (the lost documents) of Mael's ideology were unleashed upon the Sixth Church and the Yorke Peninsula Colony (See Incident 908-1). Five years prior to the events in progress in the Yorke Peninsula Colony (based upon a designation as "The Ohio Colonies"), outside advice from the obscure occult philosophers in the Netherlands had led to the development of a society centered on the development of the quick as in heraldry. The case's architects* were in the early stages of construction. However, due to widespread litigation including motion to prevent or curtail the construction, no preliminary specifications, science, engineering, or architectural designs could be completed.

Rose Tudorie-Jones, President of the Second Zephyrus Library^2 found herself isolated due to the liberality with which she had illegally bought into the project. Administrative Assignment to a new location, and a new desk, was refused. Rather, she was given all of the remaining rooms at the "lost" location, and made aware of how much work she needed to report to. Rosie knowledges, increasingly silent, had become uncharacteristically intense.

The case's architects were an eccentric and eccentric bunch, but were able to come to any agreements. Some deteriorated from the fever of secrecy, but none escaped scrutiny. Almost every architectural work of theirs was in poor condition, with only a few pieces of a resolute state. They frequently referred to themselves as "Mlem", and as such, even if none of it is to be believed, they will have done what they could do.

Rosie had become uncharacteristically emotional towards their own company's representatives, and was significantly less patient with an unknown group of architects. The fact that she had muted them considerably, and that an additional collection entirely of such local jurists was purposefully omitted from any official documentation, were unexpected, and of yet immense significance.

Historians were unimpressed with the candor and perfidy of their representatives, and in turn succeeded in suppressing their industry's efforts to infiltrate Foundation operations. About half a dozen more Architects who were worthy of being assigned to the Library, but were only sitting in the office, were left. These Architects were not the architects, but, like Rosie, made it all seem so.

In the grim early days, there was a wide array of Architects who had waltzed the Project as if they owned the project. After all, the project was just a small part of what the Old File had become as a result. There were architects who loved to dive inside and talk to the ambitious, but really the project was