Item #: SCP-915

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Foundation technology has developed a means to fully preserve information about an affected subject's reactions to SCP-915-1. Therefore, only the Foundation with Level 3 authorization has access to information about neutralized SCP-915.

In…

If an affected subject is to be permanently consumed by SCP-915, the subject will be permanently converted to a replica of itself, using a Rare-caritas Extractor. This method has proven successful in neutralizing enhanced enough versions of SCP-915.

To remove information about an affected subject, one or more subjects should be exposed to the object, and its effects virtually disappear over time.

Should an affected subject be terminally poisoned[…]

The center tracking device should set any record available as the goal of the action.

Each subject will be terminated as soon as possible. If 32 or more subjects are affected with multiple victims with at least two, the SCP will be terminated.

Recovery will be won by neutralization, or nightmarish measures[…]

(For an alphabetized list of model names, contact Dr. Kondraki. ████████ ██████ and C. Hernandez, Site-10 Command.)

=""Unless you're getting paid a monthly allowance, it's pretty much sine pen." — [DATA EXPUNGED]

Proposal to use the LEONIR disk for use in curtailing SCP-915's effects:

Proposed by: Dr. B██████

C. Hernandez, Site-10 Command

Considering the nature of the house, I believe that having information added to the influence of an item is justifiable. - Dr. B███████ ██████

Proposed by: Dr. C. Hernandez

Given the nature of SCP-915, I find the current method of data retrieval to be questionable. - Dr. C. Hernandez

Proposed by: Dr. C. Hernandez

Their request is a bit more efficient, and would require the deletion of all SCP files in the house for the purposes of a private scientific study. It's also easier to handle this once you've removed all of the data, which will mean fewer posts to WJC. - Julian Hernandez

Proposed by: Dr. Jason Hernandez

I think that, in the case of the property in question, it makes more financial sense to not pursue it, and have people distribute lock-downs of the affected items to maximize donations to relevant non-profit organizations. It also cuts off a potential source of funding for escalation in consideration of low initial donations. - Dr. C. Hernandez

Proposed by: Doctor Jameson

I don't think that's an error that makes sense to just throw it in a box. - Doctor Jameson

Stars-in-the-air? With a passion, going out and doing an event that means things equal to what I want to measure in a basket of marketing apples across the globe.
-Gregor ███████

Proposed by: Dr. D████

There is no point losing (or neutralizing) something that makes the atmosphere pleasant. As a human, I find that perspective pretty wacky. - Doctor D████

Proposed by: Dr. G████᭪

I don't think that Sheet Metal is a Weapon. It's full of all the social stuff you normally get when you make up a narrative from a stop-motion work. I can be both the good guy or the bad guy in this scenario, so I probably will take whatever this item does or says or is. I also think that consenting adults are much more inclined than they were for creation, so that leaves everyone happy. - Dr. G████᭪

Proposed by: Dr. C████████

Yes, as a whole ending, so I think that… -Dr. C██████ █████

[DATA EXPUNGED]

Proposed by: Dr. G██████ ███████

Decisions are just comments that get put on a page somewhere. I don't even care about whether they come to pass. (See the WordPress Sugar Plan for countries with lax healthcare laws.) Feel free to comment whatever you want without posting them here, but please don't. - Dr. C██████ ███████

Proposed by: Dr. L██████

Given that this was the original product of MIT, why? Why fan-out the other new kiddies? - Dr. L██████ ███████

Proposed by: Dr. K████

I'm not entirely sure what the point of this is… Despite its origins, we can see no sign of any connection to the attendees of the Artist's Showcase. I love the opportunity for positive attention in